PSA Bipolar 2 is not <Bipolar 1
How do we have drugs that are used to treat bipolar disorder and schizophrenia if we don't know what causes these diseases in the first place?
How does the new wave of Bipolar being "cool" to have make you guys feel?
I am not bipolar. I have bipolar.
Bipolar makes you strong dammit!
Dumb Things People Say to People Who have Bipolar Disorder
Being bipolar makes you ineligible to receive a U.S immigrant visa
"You're not bipolar..."
You want some bipolar memes? I've got some bipolar memes.
Just found out my boyfriend [27M] of 2 years has been asking people on reddit how to deal with a partner with bipolar. I'm [24F] not Bipolar.
RANT Im annoyed at all the non-bipolar people posting about their "bipolar" partners who they have diagnosed themselves
I find I am constantly in competition with the woman I would be if I did not have bipolar disorder.
Bipolar should be renamed so people stop assuming they understand it.
The longest bipolar thread, ever... Ready, set, go!
How much are you willing to joke about your bipolar?
If you could live without bipolar, would you?
High educational performance is a distinctive feature of bipolar disorder: a study on cognition in bipolar disorder, schizophrenia patients, relatives and controls
Gender Distribution of r/bipolar
Ridiculous "Are you bipolar" Quiz
Bipolar dating tip of the day!
Bipolar people are amazing
Do you have a family history of bipolar disorder?
An open letter to the members of this forum about Bipolar
[Announcement] The Bipolar-Drug info Bot has been released into the wild!
You are not your bipolar. Tell us who you are.
things i wish non-bipolar folks would stop saying
You know you're bipolar when...
Any of you been in conversations where bipolar was brought up and nobody knew you had it?
Photo of a schizophrenic woman having a panic attack. She asked me to continue documenting. The very first part of my photo/video/music series called The Journals/ The Bipolar Journals. I'm going to create an art series based around mental health due to my latest bipolar diagnosis.
Top 10 things that have helped me manage my bipolar that aren't pharmaceuticals
I really dislike bipolar as an adjective
Finally got my bipolar tattoo!
High educational performance is a distinctive feature of bipolar disorder: a study on cognition in bipolar disorder, schizophrenia patients, relatives and controls
A spot-on description of what bipolar disorder feels like.
What are some lifestyle changes you made that improved your bipolar symptoms?
Does anyone else feel insecure about their bipolar not being "bad enough".
Happy Bipolar day ya filthy animals
Increasing self-diagnosis on this sub
Told boss about bipolar to help explain poor work performance. Turns out she has bipolar too
Professor made fun of me for being bipolar, what can I do?
Hello r/bipolar, I'm a 41 yr old woman diagnosed at age 17 with Bipolar 1, been in psych ward 3x for mania but am now stable for ~ 6yrs, AMA
Bipolar coders of the world...unite!!!
been thinking about doing a series of reviews of bipolar's depiction in the media (films, books, tv, documentaries, news articles). would you guys read / watch it?
Why does it always seem there's a "silver lining" when portraying the struggles of being bipolar in the media?
Bipolar twins? Yes please!
I think everyone with bipolar should own a pet that depends on them for a happy life.
Can we dump a bucket of water on our head to recognize Bipolar Disorder too, and look for a cure?
Why do some people with bipolar Disorder often stare off into space and stop moving?
I Photographed My Life with Bipolar
I hate bipolar
Anyone else here worry that their Bipolar mental illness will be inherited by their kids?
Life with Bipolar
such is life in bipolar brain
Don't use bipolar as an excuse
Sick of the fake bipolar
dressing bipolar
I'm a teacher. Found out that I have a bipolar student
Told My Friends About Being Bipolar
Does anyone else worry about being bipolar and having children?
What if bipolar is an evolution of the brain?
Bipolar reddit and SOs of people with Bipolar disorder, was there ever a point in your life when you could not make yourself get a job, or even get out of bed?
Prebipolar me vs present Bipolar me
Dating a girl with bipolar disorder
ITS FINISHED. I completed my bipolar movie
Anyone with Bipolar II and what are your treatments?
Being bipolar as a college student with underlying self-esteem issues
Opinions of marijuana use and bipolar disorder?
Tattoo for Bipolar II, and because i'm an Engineer
I'm bipolar. My [22F] boyfriend [23M] wanted to go on a cruise but my brother [26M] didn't allow me. My boyfriend is very upset & thinks my brother is controlling my life beyond reasonable.
I'm a bipolar artist. Here's a sketch from my journal intended to represent the disorder. Micron pens and Photoshop.
A One Line Rant, For You People With Bipolar As Well
Went on a date last week with the girl of my dreams. I got nervous and told her I was bipolar too early....
How did you guys felt when you were first diagnosed with Bipolar?
I don't want to be bipolar
What writers should know about bipolar disorder
As a student with bipolar, I appreciated this slide in my psych lecture
What Do you wish People understand about bipolar?
Untalented, Unintelligent, Shitty person also Bipolar
What do we want? A cure for bipolar!
Hi, who are you?
Bipolar ex-pot smokers. Did you find your smoking was a hinderance after you quit?
Is anyone else here a functioning bipolar?
Being bipolar and taking the Myers-Briggs...
Perk of being bipolar
'I'm so bipolar today'
Bipolar and Hypersexuality
In honour of World Bipolar Day (March 30) let's see a snap of your story
Bipolar and alcohol
Do you think that hating yourself is hard wired in bipolar individuals?
Carrie Fisher has died and the BBC didn't mention her bipolar, so here's to that -
IAmA successfully managed bipolar. AMA
I have some bad news. missyaley, a frequent contributor to /r/Bipolar, has passed away. Please keep her in your thoughts.
You're not bipolar, you're just lazy.
If your job works with bipolar - please tell
Dear Bipolar
21 things you only know if you're bipolar
Do you find med suggestions by other bipolar people frustrating and wrong?
Feeling like the world is gonna end, so I am distracting myself with a stupid sub I made /r/bipolar_irl
What does it feel like to have bipolar disorder?
It's March 30th! Happy World Bipolar Day!
Reddit, do you think people should be allowed to commit suicide?
[NSD] 4/5* Recruit Commit Tracker
We are two men who spent 42 years in prison for crimes we did not commit. AMA (Ask us anything)
Why didn't you commit suicide? 
ELI5: Why are teens who commit murders tried as adults, but when a teen has sex with someone who's 30 courts act like the teen had no idea what he/she was doing?
Riley Cole de-commits from Alabama after being asked to grayshirt 5 days before signing day
My name is Ray Krone and I was the 100th person exonerated from death row where I spent three years for a crime I didn't commit. AMA!
If someone wants to commit suicide, why don't we allow them to and then donate their organs to those who want to live?
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy, here's my problem, commit a felony.
TIL that concealed handgun license holders in the state of Texas are 17 times less likely to commit a crime than the general population.
[UPDATE] My boyfriend [30M] of 16 years won't commit to me [29F] even in small ways.
Nigerian Billionaire Tony Elumelu Commits $100 Million To Create 10,000 African Entrepreneurs In 10 Years.
[MI] My sister has schizophrenia and I had to commit her to a psychiatric hospital. The officers who picked her up were aware that they were carrying out an emergency mental health petition (signed by the judge), but they ended up charging her with felony resisting and obstructing.(x-post /r/askleo)
4* FL/MD (IMG Academy) OLB Jordan Anthony commits to Michigan
Pro Tip: To keep your commit history clean, always commit using "git commit --amend"
4* WR JaMarr Chase commits to Kansas
When someone under 18 commits a crime, charging them as an adult is hypocritical. CMV
What if the reason nobody has traveled back in time to kill Hitler is because Hitler is the time traveler sent back to kill off the Jews for an atrocity they commit later on...
"You terrorized the dog and it commit suicide."
4-star QB Jarrett Guarantano Commits to Tennessee in B/R video
Disappointed to find out that my boyfriend did not commit suicide. 
Rewriting history: Greg Maxwell is claiming some of Gavin's earliest commits on Github
Why did many of the women who dated with Hitler want to commit suicide?
"No one who commits to following Christ, and does so, lives a life of ease. No one. If your Christianity has not brought discomfort to your life, something is wrong." -R. Kent Hughes
Besides the more notable cases, who do you think is serving time in prison for crimes they did not commit?
Criminals of reddit, what caused you to commit the crime(s)? [Serious]
What crimes will be harder to commit in the future?
Confronted someone trying to commit identify theft
What is the easiest way to accidentally commit a serious crime?
Me [20F] with my Cousin [21/F], who tried to commit suicide and blames it on me. My family wants me to hang out with her 1-2 times a week now and I just can’t do it anymore. What do I do?
‘Get back in': Teen charged with pressuring boyfriend to commit suicide. Detective Scott Gordon suggested that Carter encouraged Roy to kill himself while simultaneously putting together “a plan to get sympathy from her friends.”
What do you think are the common fashion faux pas, or mistakes, that Singaporean men commit?
CMV: People should be punished for "attempted" crimes (attempted murder, conspiracy to commit fraud, etc.) with the same severity as if the crimes were carried out successfully.
I was recently released from jail for a crime I did not commit.
If you're going to commit fraud, at least do it well
I try to talk to Nmom about the attacks in France and she responds by telling me that people like me are the reason why people commit suicide.
Ole Miss commit Willie Gay says Michigan, not Ole Miss, is his top school
You're the Inconvenient Terrorist. You dont want to hurt, harm or kill anyone. What Act of Mass Frustration do you commit to inconvenience an entire city?
Can we please stop and enjoy this perfect commit message generator?
Why did Emperor Hirohito not commit Seppuku?
4* DB Brad Stewart commits to Florida.
PSA: Only decorate a tree on 360 if you can commit to cleaning it up after Christmas
Illegal immigrant Cesar Vargas claims him getting caught planning to commit voter fraud is just a right wing conspiracy and he did nothing wrong by agreeing to commit voter fraud.
My post about attempting to commit suicide not getting enough attention, didn't get enough attention. Advice?
Do Not Commit Suicide This Christmas
[NSFW] Today, a man wanted to commit suicide by lions.
Writing good commit message on git (DO and DON'T guide)
No former Republican presidents or presidential nominees plan to attend the Republican convention in July, save for Bob Dole who will not commit to voting for the GOP nominee.
Curtis Granderson, who played the most innings of any Met, did not commit an error this year
Woman goes to the AskMenOver30 sub and asks why her Alpha fuckbuddy won't commit.
40 Commit to Caucus in under 3 hours - So many questions!
"Get Out of Jail Free" card, would you commit a crime?
Funny article about women in Australia upset the top 0.1% of men won't commit to them
"Why would I commit credit card fraud?"
Hey r/Android! Ciwrl from CyanogenMod here to talk about that Twilio commit
Ohio man exonerated after spending 27 years in prison for murder he didn't commit
PWInsider TNA news - Its going to be an entirely new company, talent locked in, they want talents commit to/help the company.
Beta male allows his wife to be gangbanged by Chad Thundercock, wife leaves hubby for Chad but he won't commit
To Christians: What happens to a child that commits suicide after abandoning all hope after being repeatedly raped by Christian clergy?
Can a "sane" and "rational" person want to commit suicide?
My boyfriend [30M] of 16 years won't commit to me [29F] even in small ways.
Member of U.S. Army National Guard's Tactical Human Intelligence Team commits suicide; his suicide note says he was forced to commit "war crimes, crimes against humanity" in Iraq
Welcome to Smithfield: My time in a mental institution for a crime I didn't commit - Mineral Wells continued
I think when a Christian commits an atrocity, other Christians just dismiss the criminal as not being Christian.
Fully commit, or eat shit...
3* FL TE Nick Eubanks commits to Michigan
5* OT Alex Leatherwood removes "Alabama commit" from his twitter after Michigan visit
Man commits suicide in front of U.S. Capitol Building holding ‘Tax the 1 percent’ sign
You must commit to noporn, not simply nofap.
Reddit cofounder Aaron Swartz commits suicide
Guy finds out that his girlfriend settled for him because Chad wouldn't commit to her, gets RP advice from his (female) cousin, decides to kick his girlfriend to the curb.
I Want To Die But I Don't Want To Commit Suicide
4* APB Khalen Laborn commits to FSU...in a lambo.
Peter Todd's comments on Gavin's commit access quickly changed their narrative from security to exclusion. Anyone surprised?
You choose a crime, each time someone commits it $1 is added to your bank account account, which crime would you choose to become the richest?
Wounded Soldier Writes Letter About Being Forced To Commit War Crimes In Iraq . . . Then Commits Suicide
Women of Reddit, what are some fashion faux-pas that us guys commit daily that we don't realize?
Guy won't commit to his plate, she gets upset and accuses him of being a misogynist. Guess who r/relationship sides with.
Why are there so many guys out there who don't want to commit to a relationship? Are you one of them?
TIL Germany has a program targeted at pedophiles who have yet to commit crimes. The goal is to help them find treatment, because many don't want to harm others.
Just a reminder..."The most qualified presidential candidate to ever run" had to cheat on a debate question about water and she still answered it like an idiot .
[PSA] If you're depressed, please get help. It's estimated that 300 physicians will commit suicide by the end of the year - roughly one individual / day. Suffering in silence makes things worse.
National Signing Day
Megachurch pastor Rick Warren's son commits suicide, predictability ensues
Trump lied. Right-wing extremists — not foreigners — commit more terror attacks in the U.S.
Without leaving the room you're in, what's the most illegal act you could commit in a ten minute timeframe?
[Utah] Did my child commit gift card fraud?
Jeff Sessions said that people who commit perjury must be removed from office
Madison just became the first city in Wisconsin and the largest city in the Midwest to commit to 100 percent clean energy
Ohio high-school student commits suicide after being told, "his life was ruined" for smelling like pot.
Could you commit suicide if you were in a doomed situation and your impending death would be extremely painful?
Priest tells anti-Trump protesters to commit suicide
[Serious] What is your opinion of people who commit suicide?
"I want you to watch me die." - AKA why I wish I had let my ex commit suicide.
[SocJus] Leah Rowe, SJW sole git commit owner of Libreboot, rips the project away from GNU for the dismissal of a trans employee. Stallman and FSF deny discrimination, ask for proof, none is offered. Sound familiar?
13-year old Staten Island Boy Commits Suicide After Bullying; suicide note says school officials did nothing to help
Malcolm Brogdon commits some light regicide
What would you do if someone came back in time to kill you, saying that if you live you're destined to become the next Hitler.
I found proof that Obama rigged the IN primary in 2008! In the Veritas videos they mention Indiana as a state that is easy to commit voter fraud in. YOU ONLY KNOW THAT IF YOU ALREADY HAVE COMMITTED VOTER FRAUD THERE! Share and research everything in here!
Did 47 U.S. Senators Just Commit Treason By Attempting to Sabotage Iran Deal?
IAm The ABCs of Death, ask the directors questions about this anthology horror film containing 26 shorts, in theaters March 8th, on VOD now!
Lucioball instead of sudden death in competitive.
We are ScrewAttack! Creators of DEATH BATTLE! and internet videos since 2006. Ask us anything!
IAm Damien Echols, death row survivor, AMA
Death Stranding - E3 2016
Before you die, you have the chance to challenge death for a game for your soul. What's your game, reddit?
As requested: IAmA (former) prison guard who worked on death row. AMAA
Death is never perfect. (Fan Art)
Which celebrity's death do you think will next bring Reddit to a state of mourning?
In the past 24 hours, Saudi Arabia has reported four new deaths from a Middle East virus related to SARS and 36 more cases of infection, including a Turkish pilgrim in Mecca.
On his death bed, an old jew says to his wife:
Death recap needs some love
Buried in Hillary's announcement about her refusal to abolish the death penalty, is a discussion of how she doesn't rule out cuts to Social Security benefits, and she doesn't rule out raising the retirement age.
What character death got to you the most?
What If the In-Game death timer included a 7-10 second video of your last death?
The new Sudden Death is even worse than what Blizzard originally had
I just realized that "Men in Black" is one of the very, very few fantasy/adventure movies where a character is not motivated by the death of a loved one or some kind of divine prophecy. Will Smith was chosen simply because he was a good applicant, and joined because it was the right thing to do.
New PBE death timers are disgusting. 71 second timer 28~30 minutes into the game.
We are Death Cab for Cutie, Ask us anything!
death recap is the most uninformative and bugged feature in game
I'm Colin Cantwell - Designer of the Death Star, X-Wing, TIE Fighter, & Star Destroyer; CBS's lead analyst for the Moon Landing; Collaborator on 2001 A Space Odyssey, War Games & Buck Rodgers; Author, Inventor, and 84 year old maxi-nerd AMA
Amaz's Death Knight Class Concept
My name is Ray Krone and I was the 100th person exonerated from death row where I spent three years for a crime I didn't commit. AMA!
Does Batman's "no-kill" policy end up in more deaths (likely indirect) than if he had a strict, "at-your-discretion-only" kill policy?
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 1 [Discussion]
My name is Richard Glossip, a death row inmate who received a last-minute stay of execution, AMA.
[Serious]Friends of suicide victims, how did their death affect you?
Who is responsible for the most deaths in history?
I am Colin Cantwell - Death Star Creator, Star Wars ship designer; CBS's lead analyst for the 1st Moon Landing; Collaborator on 2001 A Space Odyssey, War Games & Buck Rodgers; Author, Inventor, and 84 year old maxi-nerd AMA
Reddit, what is your favorite death scene from any movie?
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 12 - FINAL [Discussion]
Doctor Who 8x12: Death in Heaven Post-Episode Discussion Thread
I am Amanda Scott, the Alabama atheist that received death threats for speaking out against an "In God We Trust" plaque. Ask me anything.
We are DEATH from Detroit, we were punk before punk had a name, ask us anything.
Riot, can we have the inverted death animation for champions ulted by Zilean?
For those that had attended a funeral for a person who died a "funny" or comedic death, what was it like?
Clarkson fans have made death threats against the BBC Director General.... fulfilling every stereotype about them
Hey americans, just get this straight now: Group G is clearly NOT the group of death.
(Spoilers Everything) D&D vs GRRM: Writing death scenes
The Black Death ask me anything, I am the historian Fin Dwyer
I watched someone die a gory death this weekend and I'm kind of fucked up over it. AMA
15 minutes ago I almost died.  I was ratcheting a 3500 lbs boat onto a trailer and the hook point broke. It missed my head by less than an inch.  What near death experiences have you had Redditors?
Science AMA Series: I’m Dr. Nancy Krieger, Professor of Social Epidemiology at Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. I recently published a paper calling for police killings and deaths to be tracked as health data, and I’m here to answer your questions!
WE ARE ROCK BAND DEATH FROM ABOVE 1979. ASK US ANYTHING.
What death in any form of fiction (movie, book, video game, song etc etc) is the most profound or saddest to you?
What is it about death that scares you?
In Star Wars, if Luke turned off his targeting computer and then missed the Death Star's exhaust port he would have looked like the biggest jackass ever.
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 2 [Discussion]
r/childfree goes private as they're named in the toddler hot car death case in Georgia
[spoilers] Death timers are too high right now.
Justice Ginsburg: "I would probably go back to the day when the Supreme Court said the death penalty could not be administered with an even hand,..." | Clinton: "I do not favor abolishing it..." | Senator Sanders: "I'm against capital punishment."
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 9 [Discussion]
Has there every been a documented case of a well-known public figure faking their own death?
URF death timers this year
URF: Shouldn't death timers be lowered?
Riot, please look at death recaps.
My mother made me sign a document shortly after I turned 18. I recently found out she had me sign Power of Attorney without my informed consent. She and my stepdad used POA to take the money from my inheritance and the life insurance benefits from my father's death as collateral for their mortgage.
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 3 [Discussion]
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 4 [Discussion]
[Spoilers] Another point about the Death Star Plans that I haven't seen mentioned
Why have death recap if it's completely broken?
Daily Reminder: Losing Heavy on Death
"I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it." -Mark Twain
"That's the number of death! I'm not paying that!"
The Night Of - Episode 7 "Ordinary Death" - Episode Discussion
Religious Grandma Tells Us Where She Wanted to go After Death
Using Rottentomatoes, what is the lowest-rated movie that you actually like and will defend until your death?
I just DMed for a druid who played The Price Is Right with Death...and lost.
@Meddler "we are looking to reduce death timer"
[Death Battle #46] Superman vs Goku 2 [Megameta]
Non-American Redditors: how do you feel about Osama's death?
Help, ideas needed. HLL poisoned my village with mercury. There have been 250 cancer deaths in just 5 years in just my tiny village. Se[r]ious replies only.
I want to thank this country for the Assisted Death option and share my personal experience with it.
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 6 [Discussion]
On this day (February 15) 2415 years ago, Socrates was sentenced to death by people of Athens.
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 5 [Discussion]
The Fire Rises! The FBI responded to my Freedom of Information Act request. 169 pages - all for your consumption. One of the death threat senders had over 9000 bombs! FBI must've had a hell of a time backtracking his IP when he's behind 7 proxies.
MIDDAY MAGA: The TOLERANT LEFT likes to burn down their own safe spaces and issue death threats! <3 SUCH OPEN-MINDED TOLERANCE <3
Proton Torpedos can't melt Durasteel Space Station Cores: DEATH STAR INSIDE JOB
[WP] Death spared your life and made you immortal. Over hundreds of years, you have become friends. He's been very busy with work and you miss seeing your buddy. You spend centuries attempting to create world peace, stop war and cure diseases so you can spend some quality time with your only friend.
[serious] How do you deal with the knowledge of your eventual death?
[misc] On Xur selling red death in the vanguard room...
Why does the MIA "?" overlap the death timer?
IAmA 21 year old living with Brugada syndome (AKA Sudden Unexplained Death Syndrome) AMA
Play Star Wars (1977 original theatrical cut) at New Year's Eve at 10:05:37 PM and the Death Star will explode exactly at midnight.
What is the greatest death in movie history?
Reddit, what is closest that you have been to death?
Whose death most significantly altered history?
When I was a kid, I witnessed a woman burn herself to death.  What is the most shocking/terrifying/traumatic thing you experienced? 
YSK: In the event of a car accident, the risk of injury/death to front seat riders raises at least 22% when the back seat passengers do not wear their seat belts.
Which person's death today would have the largest impact around the world?
IamAn Investigative Reporter who found secret videos of mental hospital beatings and showed how Florida's psych wards are overrun by rats, misery and death. Ask me anything!
Does anyone else think death recaps should be updated?
[Star Wars] The Geonosians built in the exhaust port on the Death Star on purpose
Why has the news focused on Trayvon Martin while ignoring the recent death of Ramarley Graham, who was killed by an actual NYPD officer?  The media is afraid to say that the war on drugs has failed, and his death is just one example of the failure of these polices and the racism that fuels them.
How does Alzheimer's Disease lead to death?
The first human death
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 11 [Discussion]
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 7 [Discussion]
Death...what?
We’re DeMoN and ChuaN, professional Dota 2 eSports athletes. Ask us anything.
Victims of sleep paralysis, what was your run-in with the sleep paralysis demon like?
[FRESH] Kid Cudi - Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin'
The Story of Demon Days by Gorillaz
[AMA] Hi, this is DeMoN, formerly from team MYM, ask me anything!
Liquid`Pegasus/DeMoN 20/20 AMA
Who else here really wants a Demon's Souls PS4 Remaster?
"The Unkillable Demon King" Article written by Mina Kimes about Faker; wins The New York Press Club Award for "Feature Reporting - Sports"
I am David S. Goyer, creator and Executive Producer of Da Vinci’s Demons, screenwriter of the upcoming Man of Steel. AMA!
Why is Warlock not getting any Demons anymore?
Demon Invasions would be 100x better if pvp was disabled
I appreciate the not-so-overbearing demon theme of Legion
The fact that demons tagged by the enemy faction give you no credit makes zero sense.
If Hero Jaraxxus is counted as a demon for the purposes of Sacrificial Pact, shouldn't he count as a demon for Mal'Ganis and gain +2 ATK, +2 HP?
Everybody has a Demon
When I was 17, I believe I saw a demon. Does anyone here truly believe they've seen a supernatural/ alien being?
I Am Bear McCreary, composer for “Da Vinci’s Demons,” “The Walking Dead” & “Battlestar Galactica.” AMA!
With my Warlock up against a Legion of demons in the next expansion I just have to say. My Enslave Demon spell better actually freaking work this time!
Demon poro!! Easter Egg
(Rant) Demon Hunters, slow the hell down.
Demon hunters, legion invasions, and the broken shore expansion intro scenario are now available on all World of Warcraft realms
NEW CLASS DEMON HUNTER
Why does Bane of Doom pull from a curated list of demons rather than truly random demons?
Official Discussion: The Neon Demon [SPOILERS]
[Scene] Anglos, planet of the Angels and Demons, Pachin Island
My fucking demon's name is Kornass
Precisely Bound Demons and their Behavior
PSA: Don't Help Anyone Below Level 100 With The Demon Invasions.
Bring Demon's Souls to ps4
Why are Flames Of Azzinoth not classed as Demons yet?
Petition for a HD Demon's Souls for a PS4
My girlfriend was having trouble with the Taurus Demon. Then this happened.
I am Nicolas Winding Refn, Director of The Neon Demon and Drive. Go ahead AMA!
A Message from your Personal Demons
The Demon is a Diversion
Shadow Beast (possessed villager spawn) Should be a Demon
Why are Demon Hunters allowed to glide with flags in pvp?
DEMON! DEMON!
Let me tell you about Demon's Souls.
Would you want a remake of Demon Souls?
SMITE - DEMON DAYS ft. Japanese Pantheon (Gorillaz Parody Art + Shirt)
ARTEEZY and DEMON act unprofessionally in matchmaking game by trapping an enemy player and harassing him
WoW Showerthought: Demons are the same as players
Can people stop making T5 about angels/demons?
Back in demon's souls our reaction to patches would have been "you A$$#@LE!!!" Nowadays it's closer to "lol, Oh you!"
Demon Hunting
Demon in the big city
I'm a Priest... Correction a Holy Priest that just killed a Demon Hunter in a 1v1
Why, if this year we only have 2 majors, the trophys are not Demon Edge and Sacred Relic?
Imagine if someone told you during BC, that you would play a Demon Hunter at level 100
[OC] Demon Queen character art
Spotted this gem in Dark Souls Steam reviews
[Spoilers S3] Live Episode Discussion: S3E12 "Demons"
Now we have Demon Hunters, have we reached a 'class cap'?
Am I the only one that prefers Balor Club Finn over Demon Finn ?
Demon Hunter Jinx concept by MonoriRogue
Salt Demon
Is Demon the greatest standin in the history of Dota?
Killing Capra Demon from Upper Undead Burg
In DOOM, a demon punched me so hard he corrupted my save.
It isn't Satan. It isn't monsters. It isn't the government. It isn't a serial killer. It isn't aliens. It isn't demons. It isn't nuclear. It isn't solar storms.
Wild Card: Poker Night or That Time Alec Invited Demons To The Library For Some Poker.
"THERE'S A DEMON IN MY COMPUTER!!!"
PSA: Shadow Demon's shadow poison doesn't affect units under disruption in Reborn.
Dota 2 Magazine: The Demon Edition
For fans of Bloodborne, Demon Souls is only $5 this week on the NA PS3 store!
[OT] Nearly two years ago, I answered a prompt about demons and soulless summoners. That story turned into a post on /r/nosleep and now it just became a novel!
Demon's Souls Remake Could Happen With Another Developer, Says Miyazaki
Flame of Azzinoth from Illidan effect should be a demon
If demons are possible to be permanently killed on Argus, warlocks are gonna have a bad time in 7.3
You're fighting in the demon wars, but for the wrong side.
My sister-in-law has been brainwashed and has joined a cult. They are saying her nine year daughter is possessed by demons and other bullshit. How can we help her and her family?
Age of Demons
Angels, Demons and YOU!
TIL That there are three ledges you can stand on in the Asylum Demon's area. And they can be destroyed by the Demon.
Tapping into The Demon needs to eat away at Finn Balor...
Where do i go after Demon of song?
I created a Demon Hunter workout-a-long video that anyone can do! (Tailored for beginners)
[WP] Like in many possession horror films, a demon is attempting to mentally torment the main character. They, however, are a sociopath and are unbothered by all of it.
Ninja nerfs continue, Demon Hunters Smoke Screen gets hit with the bat.
Pew pew pew my original Demon Hunter cosplay
Patches the Pirate is actually a Demon!
Old Demon King of Smouldering Lake Artwork
[Request] The correct procedure for the summoning of a demon.
Speed Demon and the 50' Rope
Havoc Demon Hunter 7.1.5 Feedback
Where are all the Demons in Eldrich Moon?
Demon Hunter Genji
[C14] Official Spoiler for Demon of Wailing Agonies
Even demons need to hit the books sometimes
The Old Demon King's sad death looks like a picnic compared to this.
[CN] Tales of Demons and Gods - Chapter 108
Demon Encounters?
Why Demons got nerfed
How to scam a demon god like a chump
[Serious] Have you ever seen an angel or a demon, Jesus or the devil?
How did the Legion make any progress when demons are complete idiots?
BEST FRIENDS STREAMING DEMON'S SOULS on the 31st of January 2016!
DM killed my deity of choice after giving me the go-ahead to pick her, forcing me to either give up cleric or topick a CE deity or demon lord. I'm right to assume he's a prick, aren't I?
As a Demonology Warlock, I feel very disconnected from my demons.
Come check in - /r/Depression
What depression isn't.
I drew a comic about my experience with depression.
"Depression is living in a body that fights to survive with a mind that tries to die."
Woke up wanting to kill myself. Managed to go for a jog instead. Fuck you, depression!
Does anyone feel like depression stops them from being the person they were born to be, but then feels guilt and anxiety about trying to become that person.
High functioning depression is so hard for people to understand
For those of you who have been diagnosed with depression, did you ever feel like you DIDN'T want to feel/get better?
Depression feels more "real" - optimism feels like a delusion
I hope my depression gets depression
Depression: The disease that makes you isolate yourself from your friends, and then helps you be extra miserable later when your friends do things without you.
Come Check-In with r/Depression
I drew my depression.
Depression has changed my memory-- has anyone else experienced this?
/r/Depression Weekly Check-In
Depression is humiliating
/r/Depression Weekly Check In
Who else feels like society as a whole does not take depression seriously?
I've always had trouble articulating the severity of my depression, so I made some photographs that describe it instead. Thought you might enjoy.
How are you doing? - /r/depression weekly check in
So I have this virus "depression.exe" on my computer...
Depression is not the same as low self esteem.
Often I wish that instead of depression I had a chronic physical ailment, something that others could see. My husband wouldn't expect me to spend Father's Day with his exhausting family if I was vomiting uncontrollably.
I decided to "come out of the closet" about suicidal depression on Facebook when Robin Williams died. It went better than I thought it would. My friends were extremely supportive. This is what I posted.
Does anyone else use orgasms to give them at least a few seconds of relief from depression?
Things I wish people knew about depression
"Tell your friends about your depression" I did. They don't care. No one cares.
"Depression is like drowning... Except you can see everyone else around you breathing completely fine." -Unknown
Why I'm leaving /r/depression
/r/Depression Check In
Come Check In with /r/Depression
How are you? /r/depression check in
Depression Lies; Wil Wheaton on depression ( Xpost from r/geek)
Do you ever read a post here, think "Wow, this person's depression seems a lot worse than mine", and then start to feel guilty and wonder if you're not actually depressed yourself?
The scariest part is when depression becomes so normal you forget what happiness really felt like
Stop using your depression as an excuse...
Does anyone else feel shame in their depression because having it seems cliché and overused these days?
Does anyone else wish they were physically sick instead in some way so at least there'd be some excuse instead of having "depression" which others just immediately dismiss?
/r/Depression Weekly Check-In
Weekly /r/Depression Check In; Come As You Are
I use humor as a mask for depression.
What's going on guys? /r/depression weekly check in
Nobody thinks depression is serious until suicide happens
Did anyone else feel that being on Facebook made their depression worse?
How's this week going? Weekly /r/depression check in
My depression has made me extremely polite
Weekly /r/depression Check in - come as you are
I swear I was much smarter before my depression...
The single worst thing you can say to someone with depression: Just snap out it
Depression in boys is taboo
This is how I tried to explain to my (gamer) friend how depression feels like:
I used to think depression was just "all in your head". Now that I actually have it, I want to apologize.
This might be controversial but I think it would be easier to have cancer than major depression
Does anyone else feel like their attention span has been ruined by depression?
The Best Quote about Depression I have ever heard
Depression is making me permanently exhausted
DAE feel like they can't share thoughts and feelings about depression with amyone because you don't want to bring them down too?
/r/Depression Weekly Check In
Going through college with depression is hard.
My depression in an album
Wake up. Go to school. Go home. Browse the internet pointlessly and endlessly. Go to work. Go home. Go to sleep. Living with anxiety and depression in a nutshell.
Weekly /r/Depression Check in. Come say hello.
Depression in the past vs. today?
Come check in with /r/Depression this week
I just told my boss I had depression.
Art has been my outlet. I attempted to draw a picture of what depression is to me.
What depression is.
Literally the ONLY people that actually understand depression are people with a history of it themselves.
Depression is not just being sad.
An analogy for people who don't understand depression.
/r/Depression Weekly Check in - Come tell us how you are
Has Anyone Else Unintentionally Let Their Grades Fall Due To Their Depression?
As a sufferer of depression for most of my life, this is a huge accomplishment. Before & after pictures of the disaster I lived in. (x-post r/GetMotivated)
"I wish he talked about it more." Yeah, because modern society is SO accepting and welcoming for those suffering with depression
[Serious] Redditors with depression, what is the best thing that the rest of us can do for you?
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality..." Andrew Solomon's brilliant TED talk
My depression is the voice in my head that says, "You're not really depressed, you're just a sorry a-hole"
Come say hi - weekly /r/depression check in
Stephen Colbert, in an interview out of character, said something that I think is important for anyone with depression
Rant-ish thing: Depression doesn't look the same for everybody. Saying depression is or isn't one particular action or feeling is ignorant.
11 years old, I suffer with depression. I don't know what to do
/r/depression Weekly Check In
The thing i hate most about depression is i don't even know why i'm down.
/r/depression Weekly Check-In - Please Come Say Hi!
I made a comic about my depression.
Hello /r/depression - how's your week going?
Weekly /r/depression Check In
Does anyone have trouble separating their own personality from their depression after struggling with it for years?
Welcome to the weekly /r/depression check in!
Does anyone else feel like their depression is making them stupid?
Battling depression is a skill. Here are some tips that worked for me.
I think I've finally found a solution to my depression and anxiety that isn't suicide.
Say Hello! Weekly /r/Depression check in
People who say "it gets better" don't really know what depression is
Depression is like being in an abusive relationship with yourself.
Hi r/depression, let's make friends!
Trying to explain your depression to someone who doesn't understand is one of the hardest, most painful things to deal with.
Trying to describe what depression feels like is almost as difficult as trying to explain a colour to someone who is blind.
/r/Depression Weekly Check-In
Depression is
Most emotionally devastating episode of television?
Devastating defeats
[6.1] Hecarim's E (Devastating Charge) has many more bugs than expected. Champion Breaking.
With hacks of the DNC and now possibly the Clinton campaign, have the odds of a devastating October surprise increased? Is there a proactive defense?
What is your team's most devastating loss?
What 'fan theories' have blown your mind with their devastating logic?
Most devastating judges' reads?
Flooding in South Louisiana - the news is barely covering this but it is devastating
Devastating accident at a fair
Devastating Physique
Devastating Effects of Deforestation
Bernie Sanders with another devastating Twitter clapback
In 1998, he helped save her after a devastating fire. In 2016, he watched her graduate from college.
The devastating effects of marijuana legalization
PsBattle: Devastating bird hit to the face
THE CLEVELAND PROFESSIONAL BASEBALL TEAM HAS BLOWN A 3-1 LEAD TO LOSE GAME 7 OF THE WORLD SERIES IN ABSOLUTELY DEVASTATING FASHION
The travel press is reporting a devastating drop in tourism to the United States as a result of the administration's new policies and rhetoric. What's your take?
EMS supervisor Chad Ward responds to a heroin overdose, wearing a body cam, showing the devastating effect Heroin is having in West Virginia.
T-Mobile’s next move could be devastating for AT&T and Verizon: Paying off subscribers’ early termination fees if they switch from a rival carrier.
What video game is (or can be) emotionally devastating?
How did you get over the most devastating break up you've ever experienced?
What the Internet hates about the TPP trade deal: After years of warning that the secretive TPP would be devastating for Internet freedom, intellectual property experts have finally gotten to look at the final draft of the proposed treaty. And they say it’s as bad as they feared
Devastating traffic accident
Hecarim's win rate is low because of a bug. Not because of nerfs.
This shouldn't have been as devastating as it was.
Donald Trump's new ad on Hillary is DEVASTATING
The Travel Press is Reporting the 'Trump Slump,' a Devastating Drop in Tourism to the United States
One of the best Robin Williams tributes I've seen. Short and poignant, but utterly devastating. RIP.
The most devastating loss in COD history?
What advice if taken literally, would be devastating to our society?
A group of western tourists who stripped naked at the peak of Mount Kinabalu last month will be prohibited from leaving Malaysia, as their act of "disrespecting the mountain" could have caused the devastating earthquake that killed at least 13 people.
The devastating effect of Marijuana use
A group of western tourists who stripped naked at the peak of Mount Kinabalu last month will be prohibited from leaving Malaysia, as their act of "disrespecting the mountain" could have caused the devastating earthquake that killed at least 13 people.
The Fallon thing was wonderful. I know why hillbots hate it it is devastating. Fallon destroyed the media crafted caricature.
Insecticide use 'killing honeybees': Harvard study shows neonicotionoids are devastating colonies by triggerring colony collapse disorder
Devastating Sombra Ultimate
Men Cheat and Women Cheat - But when women cheat it's way more devastating and cruel
Devastating left hook
Most Emotionally Devastating TV Episodes
The Red Cross has defended its work in Haiti following a devastating earthquake five years ago after a media investigation found it had only built six houses despite raising nearly half a billion dollars in donations.
A plane's devastating crash landing in the forest caught on video.
Was digging through my meme arsenal and found this devastating piece of artillery.
Deflect is a devastating ability
Australia's largest woodlands 'will not be protected if it prevents mining' - "Any sort of recognition which would put constraints on mining would be absolutely devastating," Western Australia mining minister Bill Marmion says
The world's most widely used insecticide is devastating dragonflies, snails and other water-based species, a groundbreaking Dutch study has revealed.
Danish doctor drops devastating dissertation on disingenuous doubter, depicting denmark's distribution of "dollars" as decidedly deserved.
TIL The National Weather Service's chief meteorologist suspected Hurricane Sandy would be a devastating storm 6 days before it struck the east coast, and included his personal phone number in the warning for anyone to call and complain if he was wrong. It was the 2nd costliest storm in US history.
The Man Who Knew (2002) - FBI agent John P. O’Neill came to believe America should kill Osama bin Laden before Al Qaeda launched a devastating attack. he was forced out of the FBI and entered the private sector – as director of security for the World Trade Center.
(Spoilers All) Is the War of the Five Kings the most devastating event in Westorosi history?
What fan theories have completely blown your mind with their devastating logic?
The devastating effects of Marijuana 
Source: Clinton IT specialist revealing server details to FBI, 'devastating witness'
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW！
Most devastating weapon known to the mankind
"Yo Mama" jokes were kind of like nuclear weapons: The first ones were devastating, so everyone started stockpiling them until the consensus was they shouldn't be used anymore
NBA 'BIG' Commercial I made using the phantom footage of LeBron's devastating dunk on Jason Terry. 
Trump typo to be the next huge devastating scandal seized on by the left.
The Feeble Cursed One's Most Devastating Weapon.
Devastating traffic accident
Hillary Clinton Parkinson’s theory emerges as top official makes shocking claim 9/11 collapse was caused by the devastating disorder
Gay Refugee Not Welcome on American Campus Posts Devastating Message on School's Facebook Page
Holy shit, what a genius ad: Obama's first anti-Palin spot -- subtle, tasteful, DEVASTATING
Muslim brags about devastating 7-man Gang Rape of young Virgin
My mom threw the first and only one into the fire. Retaliation was swift and devastating.
Brain damaged violinist makes music for first time in 27 years with mind-reading technology: "Rosemary Johnson had made music for the first time since suffering a devastating car crash in her 20s."
How the DNC Just Sabotaged Bernie Sanders’ Campaign in One Devastating Move (or was this another CIA Dirty Trick?)
The newest polls are devastating for Donald Trump
One of the most devastating weapons in gaming history. (Worms Armageddon)
As a Brit, I'm clueless about this. Why is the hurricane devastating on the news, but a joke on Reddit?
I terminated my wanted pregnancy at 23 weeks...
Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek Wilson has dealt a devastating blow to the Kekistanis. How will they ever recover?
First Amendment Defense Act Would Be 'Devastating' for LGBTQ Americans
More devastating effects of freezing rain in Slovenia
DEVASTATING Wikileaks Document Drop: Hillary Clinton Dreams of 'Open Trade and Open Borders'
Kyle Beaman, 10 year employee at Rexnord: "Devastating" that we must train replacements who will be taking our jobs
Political Pundit on CNN: "It's hard to imagine someone being elected President if they lost by 30 points in New Hampshire" KEEP CANVASSING! A BIG DEFEAT WOULD BE DEVASTATING!
The 51C heatwave that's melting India. The impact of the heat has been devastating, and increasingly fatal, particularly for the hundreds of people dying of starvation due to withering crops in their remote fields.
It was a fireworks store too. It would have been devastating if my brother didn't act.
What's the most devastating weapon in video games?
Leg mirroring can be devastating.
The most devastating combined air and ground offensive known to Australians.
Hash tag changeup! No more #HillarysBullys. The master persuader has given us #Hillbullies, which is DEVASTATING. Thanks @ScottAdamsSays!
@realDonaldTrump: Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
Based Patriot James Woods coming in with a devastating overhand right!
Oil spills keep devastating Niger Delta: Amnesty International is blaming two oil giants for more than 500 oil spills in Nigeria's Niger Delta in 2014
5 year old Omran is being saved from the rubble after a devastating airstrike in Aleppo
GSP showing off devastating speed against Serra
(Spoilers All) Devastating News: Dean-Charles Chapman has confirmed there will be no Ser Pounce in Season 5.
[RAW Spoilers] Big Cass with one of the most devastating burns in WWE history.
Ganon can use his sword taunt to deliver a devastating blow in Project M 3.5!
Has John Oliver got you worried about investment fees? You should be. And you should have been before.
DeVaStAtInG AcCiDeNT aT a fAiR
"The Russians attacked Hillary with the 'WorstCandidateEver.exe' hack. Devastating."-Bill Mitchell
Mr. Trump Calls the Rush Limbaugh Show - These Two Political Giants Dialogue About Obamacare's Devastating 60% Premium Increase, the MSM' Abuse & Lies, How Much DJT Loves His Nimble 'Pedes! [TRANSCRIPT & AUDIO]
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW
You won over another Liberal
"A U.S. soldier went on a shooting rampage outside Kandahar city early Sunday [11 March 2012], killing up to 18 civilians, Afghan officials said, in yet another devastating blow to Americans' battered image in the country after 10 years of warfare."
Obamacare is Jacking Up Everyone's Bills! DEVASTATING!!
Devastating beauty
Harvard study shows neonicotionoids are devastating colonies by triggering colony collapse disorder
Carrie Fisher dies at 60 after suffering a heart attack. She was 60.
hello my name is NINJA from the south african rap group, DIE ANTWOORD, and i'm here to discuss our new album that's dropping today called MOUNT NINJI + DA NICE TIME KID. AMA!
If you were to die right now, and the last game you played was the afterlife, where would you be stuck for the rest of eternity?
They should make a Canadian GTA so you don't have to pay the hospital every time you die
Why do Cockroaches die on their backs so frequently?
In animals like octopuses and cuttlefish that die shortly after mating, what is it that kills them?
[WP] A person invents a time machine for the sole purpose of traveling back in time to get the autographs of every historical figure (Washington, Napoléon, Hitler, Marline Monroe, JFK) before they die. After making hundreds of trips he becomes known throughout time as the grim reaper.
ELI5: What happens to a persons creddit card debt when they die?
Why is dust so deadly that people die when they bite it?
Can we keep Ahri's Q up when she dies or delete Sivir's?
Reddit, have you ever seen someone die? What was it like?
A.J. Pero from Twisted Sister dies at the age of 55
If she dies, I want to see Kylo lose his shit over Leia's death.
Josh Brolin: Goonies Never Say Die. AMA.
IAmA John Dies At The End, Don Coscarelli and David Wong.

Two Chicagoans die in an unfortunate car wreck.
I watched someone die a gory death this weekend and I'm kind of fucked up over it. AMA
I wonder if I've already worn the clothes I'm going to die in.
When insects die of old age, what actually kills them?
Predator (1987): The alien tries each man's masculinity. Each man who dies does so in a manner befitting his swagger.
Get on the point to cause overtime, I don't care if you die.
1000 Ways to Die is a horrible TV show
What is the worst way to die in League?
"Witch" Mercy uses "Heroes never die" when using resurrect but the rest of the Mercy legendaries have unique voicelines...
What do you think happens when you die, Reddit?
The Washington Post's fact checker gave Bernie Sanders Four Pinnochios for saying 36,000 could die by repealing the ACA. Today WaPo publishes article claiming 43,000 will die.
Sion loses extra Mejia's or Sword stacks when he dies.
Two guys from Michigan die and wake up in hell.
For the love of god, if you have a Mercy on your team, Die. On. The. Point.
Dota 2 Tricks - Die without losing any gold
Mounted Raptor Dies, I get Webspinner
I watched every single film on the 1001 Films You Must See Before You Die list
One day a guy dies and finds himself in hell.
Disable second turret shield until first turret dies.
What caused all the giant underwater reptiles to die out at the Cretaceous Mass Extinction but not other ocean life?
In Norse society, if a warrior was wounded in battle but did not die, how would he be treated by his community when he returned home?
Can We let the Dualies Die and let the CZ-75 take its spot ?
Heute ist Internationaler Tag des Gedenkens an die Opfer des Holocaust
T.E.A.R.5. - Fotobeweise für die Apokalypse
Bike dies when putting in gear
I am Adam McKay director of ANCHORMAN 2 and co-founder of Funny or Die. Ask me anything...
Today is my 23rd birthday and probably my last. Anything awesome I should try before I die?
[Tirade] Allergiezeit oder Die Bäume ficken wieder.
Those who have seriously thought about the fact that you will die at some point... how do you handle it?
Dave Franco & Christopher Mintz-Plasse here. We're on a road trip across America with Funny Or Die. AUA!
If the pope dies is he being fired or promoted
My 8 year old sister's joke: There were 12 fish in a pond. One of the dies. Why did the water level in the pond rise?
What book do you personally think everyone should read before they die? 
Parents of movie extras, do you ever choke up or even cry if you see your child die in a film? 
Here's a Baseball joke for you I made it up myself: Clayton Kershaw, James Shields, and Bartolo Colon all die and go to Baseball heaven.
THIS IS A WARNING. UPVOTE OR DIE.
[Image] Die, landlubber!
(Spoilers ALL) If one Hand can die...
If you don't value your life start smoking, you'll die ten years early. Or, start drinking to excess every day, you'll die fifteen years early. Or you could love someone who doesn't love you back, you'll die every day. - Anonymous
Gewinnspiel: Errate die Zahl (3 Merchandise-Pakete)
SGA: You are NOT supposed to lose heavy/special ammo when you die. Raise awareness.
Reddit, please help settle a debate in my house, is Die Hard a Christmas film?
Hey guys, director Renny Harlin here (Die Hard 2, Deep Blue Sea, Cliffhanger and the upcoming Hercules film). AMA!
Social experiment: Should I die?
Did the Israeli royal house die out? Or does it still exist?
We need a new chat wheel option that says ">Let him die!"
Every Time I Die here - ASK US ANYTHING!
Have you ever thought to yourself, this is it, I am going to die?
Lowly Squire says "Run away" when he dies because if he wouldn't this game would become 18+
All bolts should come out of the fusion rifle, even if you die during the firing animation...
Reddit, I'm watching my mother die because she doesn't have insurance. Help me figure out the system so she can get care?
How John Bradley-West wants Samwell Tarly to die (SPOILERS EVERYTHING)
I cant die in the DZ anymore
What, for you, is the most frustrating way to die in a video game?
Ich bin ziemlich sicher, dass ich das Instagram Profil vom Amokläufer gefunden habe. Wie kann ich das an die Polizei weitergeben?
An die Demonstranten, die gerade die Podiumsdiskussion zur Landtagswahl verhindert haben: Heute wart ihr die Nazis
Nano Boost doesn't restore HP. Stop using it on teammates who are about to die.
[OC] Humanity Dies
What will happen when all the coral reefs die?
Fusion rifles should fire all bolts even if you die mid shot after completing the full charge
If a tree is planted and given infinite resources, in  perfect growing conditions at all times, can that tree grow forever? Or does it hit a limit and die of old age?
CMV: Warum sollte ich nicht die AFD Wählen
Do plants die of old age?
U gon die tattoo
My little sister is probably going to die soon. How do I brace myself for this?
Took Caffeine pills and felt like I was going to die but had a beast workout, what do I do?
If almost all humans were to die abruptly, but we had a warning period, how much time would we need to "turn off the lights" ?
Four different people have told me I'm going to die next week
(Bad) Brawl Idea: If you die you can't choose that hero again, eventually you run out and are eliminated
Greirat has to die
If you were about to die, what song would you listen to?
Why doesn't Talon's Rake (W) come back to him after he dies?
Episode Discussion - 2.03 "What is Dead May Never Die" [TV Spoilers]
BUG: When spectating a teammate in MM that dies, your client ignores fade to black.
[BF1] PLEASE get rid of "Hit Q to ask for nearby medics" when a player dies and always have a revive symbol above any dead teammate within a certain vicinity.
Stop ignoring your healer. Stop running away from your healer. Stop letting your healer die to flankers.
Which Hardware Feature Will Die Next?
"My grandmother did not die to provide cover for Israeli soldiers murdering Palestinian grandmothers in Gaza" - Gerald Kaufmann, British Jewish MP (2009)
Is it actually good for your phone and laptop battery die once a month?
Give Karthus a 7 second timer icon for his passive when he dies
TIL if you shoot the green dragon in Lothric Castle on it's left leg, it immediately dies
I want to die, but I don't want to kill myself. Please share your thoughts and opinions. 
When a Lost Viking dies, play a less morale shattering sound than when a normal hero dies
What do you think is the best way to die?
That's like me telling a patient to go home and die because we don't take their health insurance!
[Text] "Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will." - Karim Seddiki
PLOS Science Wednesday: Hi Reddit, my name is Alan Garfinkel and I developed an electrophysiology model of heart failure that shows certain cellular conditions in the heart may be predispose people to cardiac death – Ask Me Anything!
Bjergsen: "Anything but top 4 is a failure"
Recommendations for frequency, rest durations, exercise choice, exercise order, failure, and ROM (based on 150+ studies)
What musicians have done a complete 180 on their music genre? Any successfully? Any absolute failures?
Is Honor badges system implementation a total failure and needs rework ?
I am actor and comedian Artie Lange. You might recognize me from The Howard Stern Show, my twitter account @artiequitter, two bestselling books, or my latest comedy special on Comedy Central "The Stench of Failure." AMA.
Korean LOL users will receive a free skin in compensation for server failure
I was going say you had a single point of failure here, but I've identified another one...
Failure to pick a champion on a ranked lobby should not give you a random one. You should get a dodge.
LPT: Ask successful people about their failures and mediocre people about their successes
Does tying a knot in a rope change the maximum load that rope can hold before failure?
PS4 Launch - A discussion on failure rates.
"The park hasn't had a critical failure in over 30 years."
[Rumours] Tencent plans to take over the LCS, because of its failure to monetize.
With the failure to pass the American Health Care Act, what direct control does the President exert over Obamacare's success or failure?
When you're hungry enough to try anything. Reddit, what are your "college food" failures and triumphs?
IamA 33 year-old radiologist. Two months after I got engaged, I was diagnosed with a 1:1,000,000 incidence cancer. I've since been filleted open like a fish, had some of my insides removed, had kidney failure requiring dialysis, and was on blood thinners for a big clot in my neck. AMA!
I have been banned from r/barca for remembering a Racing Santander 5 - FCB 0 which happened 20 years ago. Do you want to share big failures from your teams?
The short-lived experiment with hiding the downvote arrow is over - it was a complete failure.
In modern American history, what are the greatest policy failures?
If you watched WCW back in the day, at what point did you realize that WCW was heading for failure?
/r/SpaceX CRS-7 Failure Investigation Teleconference Thread
Even with solid software sales, Is the Wii U still considered a failure by the industry?
Should You Train To Failure?
I have never played DnD before(always have wanted to) and I might have to step up and DM. Am I setting myself up for failure? -DONT UPVOTE-
(Weighted) Pullups and chinups: Increase weight or do sets until failure?
A "miss" in D&D is not a failure to hit your target
I'm a second year teacher and I was just told my failure rate is too high so I should change grades and pass students just for good behavior. Not sure what to do. Advice?
Reminder to DMs: sometimes a Nat 1 is *just* a failure.
Why is the GameCube so often referred to as a commercial failure when the Xbox sold only slightly more units?
Objectively speaking, what have been Barack Obama's successes as president? What have been his failures?
Very interesting study on the differences between lifting heavy weights and lifting light weights. Biggest finding: If you lift until failure, you will gain mass no matter the weight used.
Steam Holiday Auction is failure?
DISCUSSION: When the state of the art must be advanced, failure rate is a variable to be optimized in achieving the needed progress, and the optimal value in the real world is not 0.
Was Reconstruction in America a failure?
Official System Failure Post - If you want to report console failure or find a possible solution, do it here.
Yearly Jump Success/Failures
This is why these Olympic Games will be a failure
CMV: the fact that IKEA is pretty much the only place most people can afford to buy furniture is a sign that capitalism is a failure.
DAE feel like being labeled a "smart kid" set them up for a lot of disappointment and/or failure in life?
Failure Friday - because last week we had a one night stand with Ben and Jerry, cried ourselves to sleep over missed gainz and worked so hard we peed ourselves a bit
We are witnessing the failure of a company the government would deem "too big to fail"
Newegg isn't a fan of Linux, refuses RMA for laptop hardware failure after 2 days of use due to "modified/altered operating system."
Could someone coherently explain to me why so many seem to be saying SWOTOR is a failure?
CMV: The Rolling Stone "rape article" controversy is not a commentary on the failures of feminism, but on the failures of media sensationalism.
Elon Musk: Investigating "bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off". "Most difficult and complex failure" they ever had.
Skarner's win rate and pick rate are as low as ever - When will Riot admit the rework was a failure?
Was the prohibition of alcohol as big a failure as commonly belived? 
Segregated Witness failures being coverup on r/Bitcoin/
A great quote about why catastrophic failures occur
Is Google Glass considered a failure?
Late term abortion due to contraception failure
I Lost $30,000 in 2 Hours. What's Your Biggest Loss/Failure?
CMV: Failure to indicate should be a valid reason to get pulled over.
Halo: Reach (campaign) - A game about failure and not being the Chosen one.
What game that was considered either a failure or obscure would you love to see a sequel to?
Make Money Online: Documenting 10 Years of Failure
7 Long Years In The Game. Here's The Novel I Wrote About It. Free for Seddit Today. A Thousand Tiny Failures - Memoir of a Pickup Artist.
Everyone shares their success stories - now I want to hear your failures. What kind of risk did you take, why it didn't work out?
Magic Missiling a character at 0 hp: 1 death save failure or 1 for each missile?
Accepting failure in games.
Video Request: Make a video with Mourinho's "specialist in failure" comments followed by Chelsea getting knocked out of every competition this season, and Arsene lifting the FA Cup trophy.
My being afraid of failure has turned me into a failure.
Why do we Hate the Backblaze Drive Failure Stats?
Why do failure states still exist in single-player games?
Is the Amazon Fire Phone already a big failure?
My wife (51) is showing the symptoms of early heart failure.
On the subjext of "punishing death in games," I would like to talk about a rarely seen and often forgotten single player game design choice - rewarding failure.
Spectacular safety test failure.
My first marathon was today and it was a devastating failure.
What are some clear and unbiased metrics that will tell us the success or failure of Trump's Presidency in 4 years?
Political failure. If you vote this up, it will show up on Google Images when people Google search political failure
Women don't reject you because you fail or were not successful, they reject you because your handling your failure like a bitch.
Why do people still discuss SWTOR like it's a failure? (Outside of this subreddit)
The Day My Girlfriend Got Into A Fight Over A Hard Drive Failure.
Most iconic failures?
Fat-free yogurt is the first step to heart failure.
More on the failure rate of 4% SWR, this time from academia
"Secrecy breeds incompetence because where there is failure, failure is kept secret." --Julian Assange in "The God of Mass Surveillance"
YSK That many lilies are poisonous to cats and can be fatal or result in severe kidney failure. Be careful when shopping for Valentine's Day bouquets of you have kitties!
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently." -Henry Ford


Determining the effects of a BFR launch pad failure. What happens when the largest rocket in human history explodes shortly after liftoff?
"We need to accept that we won't always make the right decisions. That we will screw up royally sometimes. Understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it's part of success"
Westworld the IT failure
Had a client's onsite IT tell us that there's no such thing as software that can detect RAID failures when their server died today.
explain to my dm why we should either stop confirming critical hits or start confirming critical failures
What are your fashion goal failures?
Critical Failure (NSFW)
Is the Ghostbusters box office failure a good thing?
Product failure is a manufacturer issue.
With its repeal looming but approval hotly divided, will the ACA go down in history as a success or a failure?
How did you guys deal with your first major failure?
Lessons from EVE Vol 1: Failures and Triumphs
Hillary Clinton operatives have infested this place with Celebrity Gossip to distract from her on FAILURES. DON'T FALL FOR IT. STOP UPVOTING GOSSIP. GET WIKILEAKS AND HILLARY FAILURES ON FRONT PAGE NOW!!!!!
Should Winston's Barrier get tweaked to include a small concussion blast upon failure like how it's portrayed in his animated short?
Am I still a Failure?
I figured out how to clean my tub and I don't feel like an adult failure.
Serial Challenge: Find 1 case in which failure to contact or investigate an alibi witness like Asia was found "reasonable."
What historically significant military/political failures were a result of a leader's emotionally stemmed misjudgements?
When I was a kid, the X FILES intro song was so scary that my mom had to mute the TV or else I would have nightmares and couldn't sleep. Reddit, what irational fear did you have as a kid?
What is your "unique" or "very specific" fear?
Hello Reddit! I am The Robert Englund AKA Freddie Krueger and star of upcoming indie horror film Fear Clinic. AMA
Bruce Wayne turned his fear of bats into his superhero name. Due to your fear, what would your name be?
Fear Changes - ...Seriously?...
Biggest Fear for HM Oryx
What is a normal thing that you don't do, due to a 
ridiculous fear?
Fear Appreciation Thread
Reddit - what is your biggest fear?  Mine is wasting my life, and dying all alone.  yours?
Donald Trump is such a terrifying fascist dictator that literally no one fears speaking out against him on literally any platform.
The state of AI: FEAR is now ten years old. Its AI is still current.
TIL All of Psychic's weaknesses are common fears
Fear should make the target walk in the opposite direction they were facing
If you plan to vote "NO" on any MJ related amendments today, consider this: how are you going to explain, a year from now, to a friend who gets arrested for a few grams or a mom who can't get CBD for her sick baby, that you voted no due to fears of over regulation, taxes, etc.? VOTE YES NOW!
What are your ridiculous yet haunting fears?
LPT: To help a child overcome a fear, teach them about what scares them.
How were the children of the Hitler Youth Denazified? Was there any fear that they may, with their childhood indoctrination, try to reinstate Nazism?
Reddit, what is your innermost fear... the one thing that keeps you up at night? Where does it come from?
If Darius's ult fears minions, Garen's ult should rally minions.
What would be the most inconvenient fear?
Irrational fear that I ticked the wrong box...
Which champion did you fear the most when you started playing?
TIFU By smoking weed with this guy I'm trying to woo, then getting the worst case of the fear ever
What is your weirdest fear that no one else understands? I'll Start.
Facing Your Fears Part 2
Don't Fear the Reaper
Reddit, what irrational fears do you have?
UPDATE! I found out my boyfriend's [19M] surprise present to me is to take me skydiving. But I [18F] have a crippling lifelong fear of heights. What do I do?
My biggest fear for the Boba Fett movie is that he will magically become a white guy.
TIL All of Psychic's weaknesses are common fears (X-post /r/Pokemon)
What questions do you genuinely have, but are afraid to ask for fear of appearing racist, sexist, or otherwise offensive?
[Text] Dune's Litany Against Fear
Younger redditors, what is one thing you fear about growing older? Older redditors, what is something that turned out to not be as bad about growing older as you thought?
Am I the only one who has a fear of a string breaking and hitting me in the eye?
I am riding a bicycle solo across Africa, sleeping in the wild and conquering some of my deepest fears
IAMA 18 year old guy who has a horrible fear of mirrors. Ask me anything
Some of you have commented to me about my depression/fear/anxiety issues & know I don't usually get out of my car to play. Yesterday I walked over 5km in public. Not much but I'm proud of myself anyway. Thanks for pushing me to just try it.
[Text] Fear.
[SPOILERS] How is Bray Wyatt supposed to be the "New Face of Fear" if nobody is fucking afraid of him?
"I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it." -Mark Twain
What is an irrational fear people have that you don't understand?
"The fear that another man will treat you like you treat women"
If noc is the eternal nightmare, why is fiddles fear longer?
What's is your greatest hope and fear for a Trump presidency?
What is your biggest irrational fear?
Darkest Fears
Do you fear the new client won't be fully optimized after the beta?
The even weaker sex:  Faddy diets and fears that muscles aren't feminine have left modern women weaker than their grannies.  (X-post from r/Conservative, believe it or not)
The new fear is broken against Master Yi
Single men in their late 20's and over. Do you fear that you will remain single forever?
If Fear retires for good
[No Spoilers] The "fear" is back.
Fear just said there will be huge news today for Dota 2.
FEAR The Walking Dead S02E01 - Monster - Post Episode Discussion
I realized why I love Bethesda games so much, and my biggest fear for Fallout 4
Since 9/12/01 there has been ONE death inside America due to terrorism (the Fort Hood shooter is only being charged with murder). America's fear has cost trillions of dollars, three wars, thousands of soldier deaths, far more veteran suicides and our Bill of Rights. Pathetic.
what was the most ridiculous fear you had as a child?
What is you secret fear for your team?
What irrational fears do you have?
What are your tiny one-second fears?
[Interstellar] The reason why they can have Artificial Intelligent robots like Tars and Lars without them taking over 2001-Style is because they don't fear death.
[story] “Everything you want is on the other side of fear.” – Jack Canfield
Fear The Walking Dead - 2x09 "Los Muertos" - Post-Episode Discussion
[Discussion] Can we acknowledge what a huge role fear plays in lack of discipline?
Did the Axis powers fear any allied weaponry the same way the allies feared the Tiger Tank?
What is your greatest fear about yourself?
Luke Harper, in my opinion, has far more potential to be the new face of fear than Bray Wyatt does.
What is your most nonsensical fear?
[SPOILER] Negan's fear
Did "Duck And Cover" represent current scientific understanding of the effects of an atomic bomb or was it more propaganda to prevent widespread fear?
(Spoilers Everything) High Sparrows real fear
Fear The Walking Dead - 2x08 "Grotesque" - Live Episode Discussion
FEAR The Walking Dead S02E01 - Monster - Episode Discussion
LAND OF DELIRIUM AND FEAR
What is your worst REALISTIC fear about YOUR CLUB in the next few months and summer?
I was just nearly arrested, why do some people fear the police like they do?
Fear The Walking Dead - 2x08 "Grotesque" - Post-Episode Discussion
To Massive: "One of our fears was, If we give them everything, they are going to stop playing?"
What is your weirdest fear?
Fear The Walking Dead - 2x13 "Date of Death" - Post-Episode Discussion
He Bought My Fears
I am Rick Remender, writer of Marvel's UNCANNY AVENGERS, CAPTAIN AMERICA, Dark Horse's FEAR AGENT, Image's XXXOMBIES. AMA"
Reddit, what's your phobia? Let's see what the most common one is, but bonus points if you're the only who shares your particular fear!
Fear The Walking Dead - 2x10 "Do Not Disturb" - Post-Episode Discussion
[SGA] Fear's Embrace solo. Simply, stand still.
[FIND] Fear of God Master List
What Fear Have You Developed from Reading /r/UnresolvedMysteries?
I suffer from ichthyophobia (fear of fish). AMA
Hunter S Thompson's "Fear and Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72" is always a great pick, but even more so in this year of bigoted demgogue candidates and the most credible talk of a brokered convention since the one depicted here.
FEAR The Walking Dead S02E02 - We All Fall Down - Post Episode Discussion
"I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when my fear is gone I will turn and face fear's path, and only I will remain."  Dune
MME FERUS now FeaR Gaming
What is your strangest fear or phobia?
Fear The Walking Dead - 2x09 "Los Muertos" - Live Episode Discussion
Fear The Walking Dead - 2x12 "Pillar of Salt" - Post-Episode Discussion
FEAR The Walking Dead S02E03 - Ouroboros - Post Episode Discussion
What's a weird fear that you still have from your childhood?
What are some of your most irrational fears?
Fear The Walking Dead - 2x11 "Pablo & Jessica" - Post-Episode Discussion
[Pokémon] Psychic pokémon are weak against typical human fears.
322 Introduction to Finality. Discussion.
I am feeling a certain finality with the most recent revelations
[DOOM] Woods of Ypres - Finality
Finale Discussion thread. 
Rush Limbaugh - Now that the finality of the defeat is in, I guarantee you all these other Democrats are not gonna take the hit. Hillary and Bill are gone. Everybody's gonna be dumping on them as they move forward.
321 The First Chang Dynasty. Discussion. 
Monkey seen caring for dying mate then grieving after she dies, suggesting that humans may not be the only species to display grieving behavior following bereavement, or to show respect for dead individuals. It also hints that animals have some recognition of the finality of death.
/r/Atheism, how do you cope with the concept of the finality of death?
Nate Diaz vs. Conor McGregor 2 Nearing Finality, Contracts Reportedly Issued
Coheed and Cambria is an amazing band.
Reddit, what are your thoughts on death?
When your doctor tells you to try the "Migraine Diet" for the FIFTH time!
Looking for a Romantic Anime with Closure or at least a sense of Finality.
"Introduction to Finality" Ending Montage
Question From An Atheist: What is the finality of Islam, if there is any?
AV Club Review of "Advanced Introduction to Finality"
Greek vs Italian Culture
Parametrizing Casper: the decentralization/finality time/overhead tradeoff
Why am I always so scared of finality??? Do other ENFPs feel the same?
Is Settlement Finality still important in Ethereum?
The Animus is more powerful than you think...
What's are the best wallets to keep a 10+ bitcoins?
Community S04E13 Advanced Introduction to Finality
How do you deal with the finality of a breakup?
The finality of my favorite show set in when I saw this and I was very sad!
The intense feeling I get when I dwell on the finality of death.
Woods of Ypres - Finality
Previously, this child only understand empathy and the finality of death at age one. At age two, he has overcome physical limitations. He is the hero we deserve.
When is HiRez going to finally deal with the elephant in the room once and for all?
My daughter & model for many MtG cards, is on The Voice TV show tonight - hoping the community will send some love her way! :) - Howard Lyon
What's an anime you watched that you felt was a waste of time?
A Place of Finality
On Settlement Finality
What happens when the authority wants to push the exclusion to finality?
DFW you delete a contact from your phone because they died
Motherhood rejected, doctor approved
The Last
Was re-watching "Introduction to Finality" today when I saw this on the screen. Made me sad to think we'll never seen this vanity card again.
If suicide and the commitment to live are equally insufficient answers to the meaninglessness of life, then suicide is just as understandable an option as living if someone simply does not like life.
I got a tattoo over my self-harm scars today.
Do you like the open-ended stories we've been getting lately, or do you miss the finalities of Ezio and Altaïr's stories?
Let's talk Season 4 and that finale... (Advanced Introduction to Finality)
Instead of reporting that "Trump tweeted X," say "Trump made the following statement."
Oh my...official diagnosis Rheumatoid Arthritis. Anybody dealing with or delt with the finality of never being able to play again?
Great news, but there is no one we can tell =(
Tyrant of Finality
150 days: Finality as I haven't felt before this quit.
That wasn't my husband who slept next to me last night(FINAL UPDATE)
Her Name was Emma
Kratz's especially effective (and revolting) technique
Death Gave Me a Choice
Today is the 9th which is the national day of pizza and today Jeff Sessions gets sworn in. In the bible the number 9 means finality or the judgement. RIP Pizza Partiers!!
My fiancée has finally laid her demons to rest.
The B**** Manager from Hell Pt21: The Rollout from Hell
I think I'm Watching a Different Show
"There’s a big difference between being pro-business and being pro-free market. It’s time for We the People to break up the cronyism and put a stake through the heart of "too big to fail" once and for all."
The B**** Manager from Hell Pt17: Who's the King?
Replacing Arsene Wenger will be Arsenal's greatest challenge, says Ivan Gazidis
Your reaction to the Enterprise-D destruction in "Generations"
[Spoilers] Gunbuster and Finality [Discussion]
To atheists, agnostics, and secular humanists: Why is your belief system any more valid than any other?
Intervals heard in home appliances, the subway, etc.
'The Raven' - what if we're missing something..
There's Something Wrong With Dad
My [30 M] GF [25 F] makes is pressuring me to get a vasectomy, I am very uncomfortable with the idea. She agreed to look into getting her tubes tied but no sex (2.5 year relationship)
I was waiting for the dreaded email. The finality of it is depressing.
Do the references to "Golden Casket" imply a finality to you?
My ex-wife committed suicide three days ago, how do I tell my children their mother is gone?
New Racing Miku
OK I've got a rant. I'm fed up with items being rush released, never to be revisited and buffed.
After over two years of battling with time and money, I finality got my CFII yesterday!  Here is a pic from my training
No One Hires Students, Do They?!
All Future Atelier Games Will Include Dual Audio In The west
Monkey seen caring for dying mate then grieving after she dies, suggesting that humans may not be the only species to display grieving behavior following bereavement, or to show respect for dead individuals. It also hints that animals have some recognition of the finality of death.
Box Office Week: Logan debuts to an incredible $85.3M, the 5th highest debut ever for an R-rated film. Get Out has an incredible 20% drop for a great weekend at #2 with $26.1M. Christian film The Shack exceeds predictions at #3 with $16.1M and teen fantasy drama Before I Fall bombs at #5 with $4.9M.
There's been an odd lull today in the reporting on the potential TNA sale.
G.I. Jeff and Advanced Introduction to Finality
I [25F] am 3 months pregnant and I want my husband [27M] to stop drinking in our home or while I'm present in solidarity, but he says it's selfish and stupid. ***Final Update***
[Future Spoilers] Regarding the cliffhanger that Lauren Cohan alluded to...
My Idiot Coworker - James vs The Bathroom
A Greek and Italian were sitting in a Starbuck's
Installment 7
[COMIC SPOILERS] When will it happen?
The show really needs to bring back end of episode rose ceremonies and completely get rid of these fake "dramatic" cliffhangers...
Angel of Finality vs. Agent of Erebos
I quit my horrible job... but didn't bother to tell anyone
Does any of you use sleep as a form of 'mini-suicide'?
New Year's Resolution: I will support Maxwell’s Scaling Roadmap for Core
Just like Xenoblade, gamestop now has "used" copies of Metroid Prime Trilogy
Community S05E05 Geothermal Escapism: discussion thread
Now S6 is over...what is your least favourite episode?
My Grail 1/4 Sena
Your top 3 episodes for Season 4 and why
Parametrizing Casper: the decentralization/finality time/overhead tradeoff
Looking good harem recommendation where 1. MC isn't a clueless idiot and 2. By the end MC actually makes an actual choice/picks someone. Does any exist?
Why is it so good? | The Roots - undun
The Final Battle in Book 7...
Broke up with my fiance and side kick of 6 years last night. Need to vent and need support. [Wall of text warning]
Twin Tail Paradise!
Why aren't these cards being played in constructed?
Wasn't the league system supposed to reduce ranked frustration
What is your greatest frustration as an Android user?
Salt Thread - Post all your complaints and frustrations here!
Vent your frustrations thread
HHH Addresses Fans’ Frustrations
JoeyBada$$ deletes his twitter in frustration to the Taskforce (Lil B's Stans)
A quick puppet show I made illustrating my frustration when telling people I developed a 'PC game'
The WWE Creative Team showing frustration...
Salt Thread - Post all your complaints and frustrations here!
Frustration Friday - Week of August 26, 2016
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of February 03, 2017
I'm Calling on the DoJ to Audit Hillary Clinton's Super PACs. Tired of the Corruption? Voice Your Frustrations - Please Sign My Petition
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of March 10, 2017
Frustration Friday - Week of September 23, 2016
Orphan Black - 3x05 "Scarred by Many Past Frustrations" - Episode Discussion
[Sex art] (NSFW) I have a dead bedroom and have turned to art to vent my frustrations and desires
Core gameplay is amazing, game itself is a lesson in frustration
Frustration Friday - Week of August 12, 2016
LTA: Male sexual frustration
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of February 10, 2017
Frustration Friday - Week of May 20, 2016
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of January 27, 2017
Frustration Friday - Week of September 02, 2016
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of March 17, 2017
[Philosophy of Gaming] "Why is frustration fun at all?" - my spouse, upon giving up at the 5 minute mark in World of Goo.
Frustration Friday - Week of April 29, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of April 22, 2016
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of October 07, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of August 19, 2016
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of February 24, 2017
Frustration Friday - Week of September 16, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of July 29, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of June 17, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of February 26, 2016
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of February 17, 2017
Frustration Friday - Week of April 01, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of March 25, 2016
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of October 28, 2016
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of March 03, 2017
Frustration Friday - Week of September 30, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of May 27, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of September 09, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of July 15, 2016
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of October 21, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of February 05, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of June 03, 2016
October 23rd - Frustration
Frustration Friday - Week of April 15, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of February 19, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of May 13, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of August 05, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of May 06, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of December 04, 2015
Frustration Friday - Week of June 10, 2016
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of December 02, 2016
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of January 06, 2017
What are your biggest frustrations with Cities Skylines?
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of January 20, 2017
Frustration Friday - Week of March 18, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of July 08, 2016
The general frustration thread. Voice your dating frustrations here.
The support’s frustrations and a core’s responsibilities
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of March 31, 2017
You're the Inconvenient Terrorist. You dont want to hurt, harm or kill anyone. What Act of Mass Frustration do you commit to inconvenience an entire city?
Frustration Friday - Week of April 08, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of March 11, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of July 22, 2016
Frustration
Furious Fridays: A Forum For Frustration (12/11/2015)
Frustration Friday - Week of January 29, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of January 15, 2016
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of January 13, 2017
Frustration Friday - Week of February 12, 2016
Kharazim - the combined frustrations of other healers in a nutshell.
Frustration Friday - Week of December 11, 2015
When learning to code hardest thing is frustration, not learning or motivation
Frustration Friday
Frustration Friday - Week of January 08, 2016
[Begley] Some Knicks veterans have begun to privately express frustration over the club's defensive schemes, per sources. The defense is led by associate head coach Kurt Rambis and entered play Tuesday ranked 27th in defensive efficiency.
What has been some of your biggest knitting frustrations?
Frustration Friday - Week of June 24, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of October 30, 2015
One of the frustrations of wildlife film-making
You can see the frustration in the mascot of my local auto dealership
Frustration Friday - Week of November 06, 2015
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of March 24, 2017
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of December 16, 2016
What is the link between sexual frustration and misogyny?
The General PvP Frustration Consensus
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of November 18, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of March 04, 2016
Frustration Friday - Week of October 23, 2015
Frustration Friday - Week of July 01, 2016
Number one frustration?
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of November 04, 2016
Frustration Weekly Thread - Week of November 25, 2016
What Trump and his supporters' new frustration against Obama really means...
Frustration Friday - Week of October 09, 2015
Redditor takes out his sexual frustration in a comment.
Frustration Friday - Week of August 14, 2015
[WP] A superhero whose punches heal rather than harm. Their origin story is kicking the shit out of a kid with terminal cancer.
To what degree, and how, does flash photography harm museum exhibits?
The EU has banned many chemicals that are suspected of causing harm which are allowed in North America. Are there epidemiological studies finding differences in rates of disease related to this?
I just got messaged by a mod on 2xchromosomes saying it was banned to discuss rape culture hysteria and its harm on victims, assumed I was male. What a toxic place, how is this a default?
/r/drugs, it's time that we stop treating anything opiate related on this sub like we have been, and start spreading harm reduction to ALL users, no matter what drug. That is what this sub is all about.
Law Enforcement Officers of Reddit: What laws do you wish were revoked because they cause greater harm then good to society?
ELI5: Why haven't we been able to develop drugs that don't harm us?
My [18M] teacher joked about my self-harm in front of the whole class
I believe that Harm Reduction type strategies like supervised injection sites for heroin are both more morally responsible and more effective than the hard line stance against addiction. CMV
To theists: Would you harm another human if your God asked you to? (serious)
Admins silently ban several subreddits for inciting harm against others [meta]
Iama the founder of DanceSafe, a harm reduction organization providing nonjudgmental drug information. AMA!
For the sake of harm reduction, please read this
Cut, beat and abuse me? I'll just leave you and say nothing, punch and harm my dog? Watch as your life falls apart.
I got a tattoo over my self-harm scars today.
I believe the free market is responsible for creating more harm than good, CMV.
We are the Zendo Project, a non-profit harm reduction service working to reduce the risks of using psychedelics at festivals, concerts, and events. Ask us anything!
You're the Inconvenient Terrorist. You dont want to hurt, harm or kill anyone. What Act of Mass Frustration do you commit to inconvenience an entire city?
All the Chara Self-Harm Art is a Bit Much
Can the mods explain why RL's content is doing more harm than good?
Me [35/F] pregnant again after stillbirth, SO [35M] of several years refusing to take over duties that might kill or harm our baby.
ELI5: why do I always wake up from a dream immediately before I suffer some kind of fatal physical harm (ex. someone shoots me, stabs me, hits me etc.)
Buzzfeed reporter Lindsey Adler says that "the goal of journalism is to reduce harm to vulnerable people" (as opposed to, you know, just reporting the truth)
To the woman who just deleted her thread about a self-harm relapse...
Ryan Shrout (PC Perspective) on alleged Intel manipulation: hyperbolizing "shows a lack of understanding on how this world works", "NVIDIA calls...before a new AMD GPU release and vice versa", "No harm if the media is competent."
Tennessee post a no gun sign - be liable for harm
TIL pepper spray is illegal in Canada. If pepper spray is used on another person causing serious bodily harm or harming the environment it can carry a penalty up to a fine of $500,000 and imprisonment of up to 3 years.
I find scars from self harm to be attractive
pornography harms
I am Adam Auctor, CEO of The Bunk Police, a vigilante drug test kit company. I'm joined by fellow harm reduction warriors from around the world. We’re here to let you in on a few secrets. Ask us anything.
The Nocebo Effect: How Your Power of Suggestion May Harm Your Clients
When I smoke weed, I get voices in my head. I get the feeling that people are going to harm me. I start to feel like I am crazy. Is this more than just weed?
TIL Germany has a program targeted at pedophiles who have yet to commit crimes. The goal is to help them find treatment, because many don't want to harm others.
Reddit, when has picking up on someone's bullshit saved you from harm?
Me [30M] with my shitty intern co-worker[ 21 F] keeps making comments about wanting to harm our boss' [60's F] innocent dog.
Do No Harm [Comic]
If you see any posts on suicide/self harm, please notify the moderators immediately.
[Science] The food industry is gaslighting us on the harms of sugar - "Questionable industry-funded review tries to cast doubt on harms of excess sugar."
Netflix asks FCC to stop Comcast/TWC merger citing 'serious' public harm
How do you honestly feel about the "Fat Acceptance" movement? Do you think it is healthy, or is it doing more harm than good?
Hi, We Are Unity. We are an alcohol/drugs harm reduction project in the Dutch party scene. We’ve been in the media a lot recently concerning: white heroin being sold as cocaine in Amsterdam, XTC pills being sold containing a deadly amount of PMMA, and much more. AUA!
Introducing the campaign to "Amend the Rave Act." A harm reduction movement that you will want to be a part of.
I masturbated to a friend's self harm picture.
What was the first event that disproved your childhood belief that the world is a safe place?
CMV: Getting revenge on someone who done you wrong can be healing and beneficial, especially when what they've done has caused you emotional/traumatic harm.
CMV: When debating drug prohibition laws, I don't think harm reduction should be valued higher than personal freedom
In Sophoclean tragedies and some Greek myths, characters commit suicide or self-harm for things that might nowadays seem absurd. Did such things actually happen in ancient Greece?
Pot Paternalism: "I simply cannot understand how the alleged harm of pot can possibly outweigh the harm of being labeled a felon for the rest of your life, denied job opportunities, stigmatized and marginalized from mainstream society forever because of a mistake made early in your teens."
What is the scariest thing that cannot harm/kill you?
Working Out Is Self Harm
Proposed: Psychological harm to children from consensual sexual relations is mainly due to society's negative reaction, not caused by the act itself.
Obama calls for end to 19 state laws that harm community broadband
Mounting data suggest antibacterial soaps do more harm than good
[Meta] Please No Self-Harm Jokes
Germany rejects Trump's claim it owes NATO and U.S. 'vast sums' for defense
AT&T doesn’t want to pay $100M fine, says throttling didn’t harm customers
ELI5: Military officers swear to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States, not the President
Without an afterlife, does murder harm the person that was murdered?
"Primum non nocere - First, do no harm..." For those of you unsure about the upcoming English junior doctor strikes
I'm (24F) not sure if my husband (28m) abused me, or if what he did was justified because I have a history of self harm.
If someone wanted to setup a non-profit vendor account to sell drug harm reduction supplies, such as Narcan, clean needles or other types of things that can be hard to obtain for some people/states how do you think it should be setup?
Will pee damage tires?
It may seem polite, but you're actually causing more harm than good
"Protect Them From Harm..."
The Zendo Project: Psychedelic Harm Reduction for Festivals
The second-most widely used pesticide in the United States, already banned in Europe, was found to cause reproductive harm to mammals and birds in real-world scenarios according to the new EPA assessment. The assessment was posted on the EPA’s website on Friday but has since been removed.
Doctors refuse to take sick days, even when they know it puts their patients at risk. In a recent survey, 95% said they believed working while sick could cause harm. But 83% said they do it anyway.
Can we talk casually about self-harm scars?
How does a big company like DeWalt make such a crappy design? This light usually does more harm than good, shinning just beside the target.
Self harm is horrifyingly effective...
Why is it that certain creatures can consume rotting material (plants, animals) and thrive off it, but if I eat some meat or other substance that's a little bit spoiled I get sick?
Does anyone agree that by prohibiting MDMA, the govt. is only increasing the chances of long-term damage or harm to us? 
US Navy banned from using sonar that harms dolphins and walruses
Friendly reminder that "bad" updates do not harm you
What harm does gay marriage do?
I’m Steve Harm, the owner/manager of one of the U.S.’s oldest continuously operating all-ages music venues. I’ve got 20+ years of stories and stuff to talk about from running a club for nearly half of my life. I'll answer whatever I can starting at 4:00 pm Eastern time.
FCC on verge of killing state laws that harm municipal broadband
Bernie Sanders: "I am disappointed by the president's decision to continue pushing forward on the disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement that will cost American jobs, harm the environment, increase the cost of prescription drugs and threaten our ability to protect public health."
[Opinion] Aussie games journalist on Vice Forza article: "People who use apolitical platforms and themes to amplify political messages generally get lost in the noise. They do themselves more harm than good because they're incapable of appreciating apolitical interpretations of art."
ELI5:why do we need to rake leaves? What is the harm in leaving them on the ground to be covered by snow?
FR: Walking Away From An HB9 Can Be Hard. Do It Anyway (if the alternative is oneitis and/or emotional harm).
Apple CEO Tim Cook: "Weakening encryption or taking it away harms good people who are using it for the right reason."
Ban guns and you'll see more gardening tools used as weapons, or anything else that can harm flesh
10 Small actions that could improve/harm your gameplay
An eBay seller says he will post my name and address to "criminal forums" encouraging criminals to harm my family because I "scammed him" (not true).  How do I protect my family?  
My step-son wants to plug a usb into my PS3 so he can use a "modded menu"(?) in Black Ops II. Any harm in that?
I desire a world where SJWs do not exist, their attitudes have been rooted out, their religious structures dismantled, and their delusions once and for all annihilated in the common mans eye. So yes, it should result in harm. Many things should. Violence is an essential part of the human experience.
"but it wasn't abuse in the sense that someone meant harm..."
Global Anger and Dismay After Trump Slams Brakes on U.S. Climate Action: "Whoever tries to change into reverse gear is only going to harm themselves when it comes to international competitiveness," German environment minister Barbara Hendricks
[Sanity Sunday] Boy ‘living life entirely as a girl’ removed from mother's care by judge who determined she "has caused significant emotional harm to [her son] in her active determination that he should be a girl.”
Would you date a woman with OLD self-harm scars, knowing that she hasn't done it in years?
There is a dangerous product known as "Black Salve" being sold to cancer patients and it does nothing but harm them. Feel like this needs more attention.
Obama calls for end to 19 state laws that harm community broadband -- President joins FCC in tackling laws that protect ISPs from competition
Feminism does more harm than good and should be replaced by humanism. CMV
I feel like I'm wasting my breath when I talk about harm reduction.
You've engineered a new computer virus. It's annoying but causes no real harm. What does your virus do?
'War on Drugs' has made no difference to number of users & actively harms public health, major study concludes - Report authors call for "scientifically grounded" policies, including regulated markets for cannabis
[UK] A police officer who kicked and hit a mother as she sat by the hospital bed of her sick child, leaving her with more than 40 injuries, has been cleared of actual bodily harm.
Do you think there is any harm in pretending to believe?
There's a medical problem that marijuana might be able to help that no one is talking about - "The idea behind High Sobriety is simple: Help addicts stop abusing the substances that are causing them the most harm, and use cannabis as a tool to do so."
In your lifetime, what's the biggest heartbreak you've ever experienced with your team?
That feeling when you'll never truly enjoy 808s and Heartbreak because you're in a happy and solid relationship :(
Best Track, week 2: Kanye West - 808s & Heartbreak
oh the heartbreak
Heartbreak
(Spoilers All) I believe that the next big heartbreak in the books...
HEARTBREAK / MUTILATION / PAIN / TERROR
A message to all girls experiencing heartbreak.
[SELF] How many of Taylor Swift's songs are about heartbreak..
TIL heartbreak is actually a form of addiction withdrawal
This guy expects sympathy over his "heartbreak", while simultaneously complaining of money woes.
Moments of Heartbreak: Atlanta Falcons - Super Bowl LI
Heartbreak hotel, room for one.
So I just figured out what LDR stands for...
Heartbreak pug
Heartbreak Gainz
Key Give Away - VR Ultimate Paintball: Heartbreak, Regret & Paintbots
oh the heartbreak
Kanye West to perform 808s and Heartbreak in full at the Hollywood Bowl on September 25th
[RIP] The Heartbreak We Choose
It would suck if you were bisexual and the man of your dreams married the woman of your dreams
Me and my wife had a newborn daughter that passed away 2 years ago from trisomy 13. After 2 years of heartbreak and trying to have another our wish finally came true.
Have you ever been turned on by somebody else's heartbreak?
She just did this today. Even amidst the heartbreak, I really admire her.
I can only take so much heartbreak today
The pain of heartbreak
I come in peace! You guys are next in the "Moments of Heartbreak" series. What have your moments of heartbreak been as a fan?
True heartbreak.
T-Pain: "808s & Heartbreaks ... was a direct copy of Rappa Ternt Sanga. I’m not just being a dick saying that shit sounds a lot like mine. Like literally [Kanye] told me that he listened to Rappa Ternt Sanga and he made 808s & Heartbreaks."
How did you handle your first real heartbreak?
"HEARTLESS" 808s & HEARTBREAK [DAILY SONG DISCUSSION]
/r/OnePiece No-Chapter Week Event - Draw Request Thread #8 - Love, and Heartbreak!
This GIF tells tale of rejection, heartbreak, anger, spite, lust, surprise, more anger and break up. All on kiss cam..
My before & after weight loss: 7 months total. Heartbreak can drive you to do anything. But now I'm all smiles!
What's something a girl's said to you that was unintentionally a huge compliment/turn-on?
"STREET LIGHTS" 808s & HEARTBREAK [DAILY SONG DISCUSSION]
Pure joy turns to instant heartbreak
Going through a hard heartbreak, when I remembered this scene
I handle heartbreak in a different way... I got wasted and built a fort like I would if I were 10.
How do you start over after heartbreak?
Just watched the stealthiest count down to a heartbreak I've ever seen. It only took me a year to recognize it (x-post r/Television)
Heartbreak - MLG Major 2016
Wreddit's Favorite Career Defining Moment: "HEARTBREAK KID" SHAWN MICHAELS
So this is what heartbreak feels like
Get through this without crying, you have no heart – A comic must earn his living as a clown while suffering the ultimate heartbreak.
"WELCOME TO HEARTBREAK" 808s & HEARTBREAK [DAILY SONG DISCUSSION]
[CJ] Music and Heartbreak
My skirt saved me from heartbreak yesterday!
Everything Ends has got to be one of the best heartbreak songs ever.
Draugr love always ends in heartbreak.
Need MySpace era emo songs to help deal with heartbreak right now.
"ROBOCOP" 808s & HEARTBREAK [DAILY SONG DISCUSSION]
Feloniusdunk advises a prospective foreign English teacher on the magic, wonder, disappointment, and heartbreak of living in China
"Bruh 808's and Heartbreak was garbag-"
Stack advice for dealing with heartbreak?
High School and Heartbreak
“You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented...” – James Baldwin [434x640] [OC]
Best Arctic Monkeys heartbreak song?
"LOVE LOCKDOWN" 808s & HEARTBREAK [DAILY SONG DISCUSSION]
Vandals did this to a cemetery in my hometown. Rage and heartbreak.
(ALBUM DISCUSSION) 808s & Heartbreak
Kanye West 808s & Heartbreak Hollywood Bowl Merch Reps
True heartbreak
Zero Fucks Friday Festival of Heartbreak edition 02-17-17 // 17-02-17
DnB heads: tracks that inspire heartbreak
Can depression cause a feeling almost like heartbreak?
Just wanna say that moving to the Swiss format was an excellent move.
A Magmar heartbreak
"PINOCCHIO STORY" FINAL 808s & HEARTBREAK POST [DAILY SONG DISCUSSION]
How was your first heartbreak ?
Post Match Thread: Mexico vs. Netherlands
Biggest on-track heartbreak you've seen.
Tragic heartbreak on tinder today
"PARANOID" 808s & HEARTBREAK [DAILY SONG DISCUSSION]
My boyfrient and I broke up. Instead of wallowing in my heartbreak, I hiked up to this killer smoke spot.
Welcome to Heartbreak
Welcome to Heartbreak packs a punch after Good Life.
Jeremy Lin opens up: On Knicks heartbreak, racism and Fitzpatrick
Reddit, how did you deal with heartbreak?
Kid Cudi Reveals That Kanye West's "Welcome To Heartbreak" Was Originally A Jay Z Song
Made an 808s & Heartbreak cover in the style of Frank Ocean's Blonde
Thoughts on 808 Heartbreak x CDG Logo I made
[s3e09] Our first heartbreak scene of Jon and Ygrette... to make you feel better they're dating in real life.
Do you hate 808's?
Kanye West - Welcome To Heartbreak ft. Kid Cudi
[Heartbreak repaired] Flooded Seiko 7002 back after a complete heart & face transplant
Just had my first heartbreak :(
Men, what type of girl is definitely not your type?
Weeaboo gal and her Matrix-wannabe BF decided to have heartbreak scene where I was studying.
This 4-year-old boy's first heartbreak is surreal
Heartbreak for Danny Ings. He's suffered another knee injury that means his season is almost certainly over. Not an ACL, not his left knee
Just dumped my girlfriend because I found out she cheated on me... Heartbreak sucks so I'm rippin it every uptoke for everyone who has been cheated on! 
Welcome to Heartbreak
Heartbreak
[OC] Reminders - a short comic about heartbreak. I am going through one at the moment and I decided to draw out my feelings.
[WELCOME TO HEARTBREAK] Drake denied access to Heat locker room
After months of arguing and heartbreak, I finally received my father's ashes today, and I will never have to speak to my former stepmother again. Reddit, today is the best day of my life.
"AMAZING" 808s & HEARTBREAK [DAILY SONG DISCUSSION]
Path of Heartbreak
Reddit, how did you get over your heartbreak?
@AnnCoulter: Michele Obama says America is in a time of hopelessness. Fortunately, hopelessness runs out Jan 20th.
Black Trump Surrogate : There is a Sense of Hopelessness In the Black Community We Are Losing Hope
More prisoners at Guantanamo Bay have joined a growing hunger strike that their lawyers say reflects hopelessness about their prospects of ever being freed from the detention center in Cuba.
Retail Whale: Hope and Hopelessness
Does anyone else feel like Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind did an amazing job of representing depression and hopelessness?
JILL HAS NO CHILL: "The establishment manufactures consent... and hopelessness. Media, polls, debates are all designed not to upset the elite power structure."
Bill Mitchell: Obama had a "message" (Hope & Change) for the black community, but what were his results? Hopelessness & The Same Old Sh*t.
Hopelessness
[Text] Hopelessness is not real.
Pit of hopelessness: Guantanamo grows tense, inmates suicidal
The England team visited an orphanage in Adelaide the other day. "It was sad to see the look of hopelessness on their little faces," said Ryan, aged 6.
Anyone else just feel a crushing hopelessness?
Does anyone else wish they could simply sleep forever?
[S05E08] Does anyone else think Iain Glen is one of the strongest actors on the show?
I Have Suffered From Depression and Mental Illness for Years. I Just Finished Reading Plath's 'The Bell Jar' - WOW
The hopelessness of a broken down streetcar.
Hillary Clinton: The Audacity of Hopelessness
I really love how George did Order 66.
Is anyone else terrified about climate change?
A perfect example of establishing urgency and hopelessness in a horror film takes place in the vampires vs. townsfolk battle in 30 Days of Night. The birds-eye view of the carnage is fantastic.
Album of the Year 2016 #25: ANOHNI - Hopelessness
[TOMT] [MOVIE] Short movie about a spacecraft crew's hopelessness and depression
Sexual frustration, loneliness, hopelessness...
Fear And Hopelessness As Five Families Prepare To Lose Unemployment Benefits
Dear lady on the phone with my boyfriend
Depressing week coming up! I'm going to get a headstart on everyone else! The science of hopelessness.
Australian study: Antipsychotic meds prompt 'zombie'-like state among patients. Researchers found participants often exhibited 'a culture of hopelessness' where acceptance was dominant, which they warn can destroy an individual's will to recover.
[The Hopelessness of Hope]
Episode IV: A Meditation on Hopelessness, Tickle-Fights, and Dormant Lust
This sub needs a bucket of cold water thrown in its face.
"The 8 Stages of Successful Social Movements." We're at Stage 5.
The Shops at Aura: nowhere else will you find such desolation, such hopelessness, such gloom.
How do you avoid the feeling of hopelessness that is so common with long term unemployment?
The Audacity of Hopelessness and the Culture of Incompetence in the Clinton Campaign - New York Times
[i3-gaps] HOPELESSNESS
A psychological show about hopelessness (ex. Madoka, Tokyo Ghoul, Elfen Lied ect….)
That orgasm you crave might feel intense, but...
Nobody gives a fuck about mental illness until someone kills themselves.
3 pugger amigos demonstrating different states of hopelessness
doesn't evolution give you a sense of hopelessness?
how do you get rid of this feeling of hopelessness?
[SPOILERS]Did Rogue One remind anyone of...
So SONY permanently banned my old-highly-invested-in PSN ID, then offered solution, then revoked it. Because Support can't decide if I'm inherently offensive or not.. :(
Before/After Pic Post
What do you think is the greatest tragedy in the 40k setting?
TO ALL SAYING LE PEN WILL LOSE THE SECOND ROUND OF VOTING: Trump's primary votes (14m) are about 11% of all general election votes (129m). Keep handing out those redpills, and DON'T GET COMPLACENT OR PREACH HOPELESSNESS! Europedes will soon see the power of the silent majority!
Feelings of Hopelessness
I lost a job within 2 hours because I'm too fat.
A gif of hopelessness, despair, and then finally triumph (from r/aww)
[NSFW] Am I the only woman who feels depressed when I touch my nipples?
(Spoilers ASoS/S4E8) Shower thought - Arya stole Tyrion's laugh
(Spoilers All) Both the things that sustained the readers thru books 4 and 5, post-Red Wedding, have been left out of the show.
Stop it with the "she's gonna win, there's nothing we can do" attitude. Go vote fuck face.
What are they underlying social, cultural, and economical that have led to such hopelessness in the Muslim world as to drive so many people to such a violent, medieval world view such as that espoused by ISIS or al Qaeda? What would be best approach to start fixing those fundamental issues?
In 1916 a mysterious plague known as encephalitis lethargica - "sleepy sickness" - began infecting millions, ravaging nervous systems & plunging victims into months or decades-long slumber. Others were rendered frozen & speechless living statues. By 1928, it had completely vanished.
Buddhism emerged in places with social and economic conditions of dire poverty and hopelessness. But Buddhism offers anything like a program to change this reality which is as dire and miserable now as it was when Buddhism emerged.
Michelle Obama says America is entering a time of hopelessness
Prison is Hell
We're the editors of Pitchfork. We just finished ranking the best albums and songs of 2016. Ask us anything!
At it's core, what do you think Dark Souls is about?
With every day that you resist an urge...
Looking for words of encouragement during this time of extreme anxiety and hopelessness
Found a fucked up mother at the grocery store.
Hopelessness: I seem to be hearing about more than the usual suicide recently.
As a girl who ended up not aborting, I am more pro-choice than ever. It is your life.
Does anyone else feel a sense of hopelessness when it comes to the two-party system?
[Poll] Over a month after release, what do you think of ANOHNI's 'HOPELESSNESS' and which tracks are you enjoying the most?
Fertility Treatments
Does anyone else think True Detective might be one of the most deeply depressing shows on TV?
Marilyn Manson's commentary for Rolling Stone after Columbine is just as relevant for today's shooting in Colorado
[Spoilers] Would the ending of the season finale be better if it just focused on Rick's reaction?
The TV show "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt" makes me feel more despair and hopelessness than anything else, yet I feel addicted to the pain and watch it frequently.
[FRESH STREAM] ANOHNI - HOPELESSNESS
The struggle of G2
Ladies of askmen is the struggle of dating as bad on your end as it seems to be for men on here?
65 + lbs down and my hopelessness has long vanished. 
In a universe of endless war, death and hopelessness, what are some actually happy endings and heartwarming stories in the lore you particularly like?
Looking for something with an atmosphere of hopelessness.
Dead Cow
This subs top post yesterday had SO MUCH BAD LAW! Come learn what's right. Legal AMA with your pal VGA
Young divorcees of Reddit, what happened?
Hopelessness after high fat meal, especially coconut oil.
Michelle Obama feeling hopelessness - does this mean she will go on welfare like 10's of millions of Americans. Poor Michelle
I left a campaign office crying today, a changed person from volunteering for this campaign. This is bigger than us, bigger than Bernie, bigger than pretty much anything.
(Spoilers WOIAF) I think this one part in WOIAF is more depressing than any moment in the actual series
What was the longest time you've spent on debugging a problem which turned out to be a rather dumb mistake?
Anyone ever get anxiety from thinking about life and the meaning of everything? I just realized something kind of special
How to fix rural America in a globalized and automated economy?
Discussion: Are themes of hopefulness or hopelessness more prominent in the Mountain Goats?
Hopelessness feeds the fatigue that leads the student to quit. It is not the study of language that is hard, so much as the "feeling" that your present level is who you are and who you will always be.
That overwhelming existential hopelessness
Anohni slams Pitchfork Over Hopelessness Snub
At what point is the "nuclear option" of abandoning all debt my moving to another country viable? And how could you realistically do it?
2 year old made me cry
As I was standing in the shower, it dawned on me that you, /r/keto, may be one of (if not THE most) life saving subs on this entire website.
NPD: a nightmare, a cold sweat, desperation, hopelessness
Fat Camp: Part 2
Dropping the Emotional Weight: Every "No" Means Letting Go
What can possibly be done to revive Appalachia?
I am a guy with a rare sexual illness. Its so life-ruining that one sufferer of it decided to be castrated to seek relief and start progressing with his life AMAA
I train cops about mental illness and help design police departments' response policies as a Director of CE and Mental Health Policy. AMA!
ELI5: Why do Death With Dignity laws allow people with incurable, untreatable physical illness to end their lives if they wish, but not for people with incurable, untreatable mental illness?
ELI5:Why is a transgender person not considered to have a mental illness?
I mean no disrespect, but can someone explain to me why/how being homosexual is not an illness?
Were mental illnesses as common as today throughout history and just misunderstood? Or has the rise of individualism in the past few centuries substantially increased the number/severity of cases?
[Serious] Redditors with mental illnesses, which stereotype or assumption attached to your illness is the most irritating?
ELI5: Since Norovirus is not a food-borne illness, why does Chipotle seem to have a disproportionate number of outbreaks within the past year as compared to other chain restaurants?
Did mental illness affect the ancients?
Can hallucinations occur in a normal situation without outside influence such as drugs or mental illness?
Why isn't the feeling of being a man/woman trapped in a man/woman's body considered a mental illness?
Science AMA Series: I'm Julien Cobert, Internal Medicine resident physician at UPenn. I research acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), a common deadly illness often seen in the intensive care unit.
IAMA previously healthy 21 year old who was diagnosed with an “unidentifiable” illness that left me in the hospital for a month, unconscious and on a ventilator, AMA!
Hannity Affair just said "hillary's handler" and they are talking about her illness right now.
Science AMA Series: I’m Dr. Stephen Hinshaw, a professor of psychology at UCSF/Berkeley. I study mental illness and how human societies use stigma to deal with so-called “aberrant” behavior. AMA!
Mental Illness doesn't make you a killer. It can be a factor certainly. But being mentally ill alone is not enough to drive someone to brutal murder.
I am a guy with a rare sexual illness. Its so life-ruining that one sufferer of it decided to be castrated to seek relief and start progressing with his life AMAA
IamA mother of a 3-year-old child with a terminal illness called cystic fibrosis, AMA!
Cannabis and mental illness
A common argument from theists against transgender rights is that transgender folks are mentally ill. That's pretty rich coming from people who exhibit excessive fear (hell), delusions (God is real), and seeing or hearing things (God is communicating with me.) All classic signs of mental illness.
DEA Approves Schedule I License for New Study of MDMA-Assisted Psychotherapy for Anxiety Associated with Life-threatening Illness
CMV: There are two genders - mental illness is what makes people deviate
Dear r/iama, for (hopefully) the last time: it is NOT unreasonable to ask proof from self-proclaimed "diagnosed" sufferers of psychiatric and psychological illnesses. (Example of proof included.) 
Nobody gives a fuck about mental illness until someone kills themselves.
ELI5: Why is there such a strong correlation between creativity and mental illness?
After Nowitzki flu game win, Lebron and Wade mock his illness; Nowitzski responds after throttling them in Game 5.
r/politics is absolutely sickening. They are attacking Trump and causing the stigmatization of mental illness all in the name of attacking a politician. This stigmatization is what causes people NOT TO SEEK HELP.
IamA Intersex person who has a plethora of rare illnesses, including one that occurs in only 1 in every 300 million people. AMA!
4 years ago today, Robert Enke tragically committed suicide after a long, private battle with depression. His death helped to lift the taboo of mental illness in the footballing community and made sportsmen more comfortable in admitting to their suffering. RIP Robert.
(Spoilers All) Which of our beloved characters have mental illness?
If anyone in Michigan can't make it to the polls due to personal injury/illness or a family death/illness you can request an Emergency Absentee Ballot by submitting a written request for the ballot to your city clerk's office before 4 pm today and return the ballot to the clerk's office by 8 pm.
WWTS - Trump's solution to mental illness.
DAE feel guilty for having a mental illness?
Should religion be classified as a mental illness?
My plea to atheists: promote atheism with logic and reason, not insults and fallacious arguments. In particular, we must let go of the "religion is a mental illness" model, which is at best simply not true, and at worst insulting to folks who struggle with actual mental afflictions.
My Mother [55/F] is the only person I [31/F] have in my life that cares about me. She's just been diagnosed with a terminal illness. What do I do?
I am Emily Sullivan, Director of Streetlight, a peer support program for teenagers with chronic and terminal illnesses. AMA!
An Irishman visits his doctor after a long illness.
Is it sick that sometimes I dream of contracting some kind of terrible, fatal illness just so I can die without people being disappointed at me for suicide?
This game has already done wonders for my mental illness.
Comparing Religion to Mental Illness.
I hate how anxiety and depression and mental illness have become something romantic and attractive. It devalues people who have real problems.
Mental illness in the world of ASOIAF? (Spoilers all maybe) Discussion
One of the most annoying thing about mental illness is that people constantly act like you don't suffer from it, even when they know you do.
As of today, as the first country in the world, it is no longer a mental illness to be transgender in Denmark
Hello /r/health! I am a 17 year old girl currently suffering from an uncureable and virtually untreatable illness known as Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome. I created a website to raise awareness about this debilitating unknown illness please check it out!
People talk a lot about Bojack accurately depicting depression, and I agree, but there is another mental illness I see in him that I haven't seen discussed.
40% of women and 12% of men with severe mental illness are victims of rape or attempted rape
Apparently, Mental Illness Isn't Genetic
January 28 is Bell Let's Talk Day - spreading awareness and ending the stigma about mental illness
Reddit users with some sort of mental illness. When did you realize that what you were experiencing wasn't normal?
Currently, pharmaceutical companies create drugs that only reduces the symptoms of mental illness. Is it, financially, in the pharmaceutical companies benefit to never find a cure for mental illnesses? 
At what point is mental illness a deal-breaker for you in a romantic relationship?
Suicide from mental illness IS rational
[Discussion] Mental illness, and why dogs aren't always the solution (and can instead be a part of the problem). If you're thinking of getting your first dog and you have a mental illness, please read this!
What's a reason an actor or actress has been written out of a tv show that I probably did not know about?
Accurate depictions of mental illness in anime
UVA Jackie lied about gang rape, terminal illness, and invented a dude, all to manipulate one guy into fucking her
Oddworld series creator accuses former publisher of hostile acquisition attempt. Publisher spokesman replies by accusing him of having Tourette Syndrome and mental illness.
Mental illness + female = do not date
Redditors who have a diagnosed mental illness, what is one misconception society has about your illness? [Serious]
r/bodybuilding do any of you suffer from long term/life long illnesses?
[Discussion] Mental Illnesses or Physical Illnesses?
TIL a man faked mental illness to escape jail, was sent to an asylum and has been trying since to convince doctors he's sane. He's been diagnosed a psychopath 'cause in part, "Faking mental illness to get out of a prison sentence is exactly the kind of manipulative act you’d expect of a psychopath."
I am bipolar and my wife says that it's demons inside of me and is very unsupportive of my illness. She is an ordained minister.
No, mental illness isn't a good reason not to have kids.
[Serious] Psychiatrists/Psychologists of Reddit, what is the most profound or insightful thing you have ever heard from a patient with a mental illness?
Why are people so quick to chalk up violence to mental illness?
Mental Illness Awareness
(Spoilers ALL) Theory concerning Robert Arryn's illness and Littlefinger.
Skyrim has helped me immensely with my mental illness
Is it a true assertion that there is no such thing as "Evil," there is only ignorance and mental illness?
Homeopathy found to be effective for 0 out of 68 illnesses: a systematic review concluded the controversial treatment was no more effective than placebo drugs
Mental Illness runs in my family [21M, 23F, 29F, more]. I'm [20F] scared I'm next. UPDATE: I'm Next.
I spent my 20s wrecking my credit and battling severe mental illness. I woke up at 30 with a 400-something credit score, no savings, and no college. Is it possible to turn my life around with maximum effort?
Wrestling podcast makes fun of manager Bobby Heenan, then sells a t-shirt mocking his illness
Finally, the kitty's illness has a name
Mental Illness runs in my family. I'm [20F] scared I'm next. UPDATE: I saw a Psychiatrist!
I never truly understood how much healthcare in the US costs until I got Appendicitis in October. I'm a 20 year old guy. Thought other people should see this to get a real idea of how much an unpreventable illness costs in the US.
[Spoilers All] Physical and Mental Illness in ASOIAF
I believe that those with mental illnesses should not be allowed to own firearms CMV
I believe transgender is a mental illness
Today on r/redacted: Slamming Trump with labels of mental illness underneath a clickbait op-ed by the FAILING NYT.
CMV: Restricting access to assisted suicide only for persons with physical and/or mental illnesses is philosophically groundless.
This may sound dumb, but is it possible for animals to have a mental illness?
Mental Illness
Mental Illness and Internet rhetoric
What do you know about mental illness? What do you wish you knew?
"Social Justice really is a mental illness."
My mom uses her mental illness to get attention and I hate it.
My (25F) mom (56F) denied my mental illness for years, and now she wants to be a part of my treatment.
I think my [30 M] wife [27F] wife is lying to me about the severity of her illness and has something worse than she's saying.
Take Shelter (2011) and Calvary (2014) are the rare movies that deal with mental illness and religion in a mature, sensitive and intelligent fashion. They explore the grey area and don't make things simple. I like that.
CMV: Gender dysphoria is a mental illness
Denmark will become the first country to no longer define being transgender as a mental illness
Is mental illness real? What do you think of shrinks? 
Dear Reddit, You are pretty ignorant when it comes to mental illness. Why don't you try to learn a little about the illness before giving advice? Thanks, Recovered depressed/suicidal person
Perspectives on Mental Illness in Fantasy
Anime and mental illness. 
How many of you have been diagnosed with a mental illness?
Leftism is a mental illness.
Teenagers of Reddit, what is the biggest current problem you are facing? Adults of Reddit, why is that problem not a big deal?
LPT: If someone confides in you with a problem they're having, your first instinct might be to try relating to them with a similar problem you've had. Avoid this as a first response as it often comes off as "one-upsmanship" rather than empathy.
“The problem with being a Marksman”
A while ago someone posted a manifesto on posture problems and listed stretches to help fix them. I gathered instructions on each stretch and put them into a document.
Pulsefire Ezreal has so many problems for an ultimate skin and deserves an update.
The problem I have with religion version 2.0
"I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct. I've been challenged by so many people, and I don't frankly have time for total political correctness. And to be honest with you, this country doesn't have time either. " -Donald Trump
LPT: Replace the word 'problem' for the word 'challenge', it can drastically change your feeling about a difficult situation.
LPT: Before you point out a problem, first think of a realistic solution to suggest.
The fact that I am too afraid to wear my "Team Trump" shirt because Trump supporters notoriously get attacked and beaten is a MAJOR problem....
Doctor, I have a sexual problem.
Rough tl;dr of the current problems for everyone who is uninformed or lost track whats going on
Play Lúcio: A one step solution to all of your problems.
SAYING THE SHOOTING IN ORLANDO IS A GUN PROBLEM IS LIKE SAYING 9/11 WAS A PLANE PROBLEM
I had a problem with my computer yesterday...
I'm a water economist. AMA on water shortages in California or water-related problems anywhere in the world!
Is illegal immigration in the United States really that much of a problem?
What would be a first world problem if life was a Disney movie?
LPT: Have a mouse problem? Soak cotton balls in peppermint oil.
David Spade talks about his fake problems. AMA.
I almost RMA'd my PSU and GPU after thinking they had coil whine. But the real problem was I had a Trojan which was Bitcoin Mining in the background 100% of the time my PC was on
Life hack: To solve a problem, explain it to an imaginary friend.
The biggest problem with the new player experience - not enough separation from veteran players
"I'm having a problem using your iPhone app" - Plot twist, we don't have one.
Let's keep in mind that most people got perfect Switches despite the problems.
Problems in EU LCS getting out of hand
Valve: A Proposed solution to last minute roster-drop problem
Please help the german community and make Riot aware of the severe ping Problems Telekom Germany customers experience
LPT: Having problems with ance? Your pillow case might be adding to the problem.
There is an underlying problem in CSGO that needs to be addressed before the gameplay can improve. And it's not pistols or the AWP.
For everyone who has Diamond 5 LP problems.
The Nirvana fallacy - Riot's flawed way of thinking that they can create a perfect solution for each problem.
Has googles "GO" AI figured out a way to solve NP problems?
All the problems we are facing currently, in one big list!
Is this problem same as monty hall problem?
Aggro shaman is only a temporary problem. The recurring issue is that ranked rewards playing decks that are as fast as possible.
What are some weird problems that the opposite sex is probably not aware of, starting with this: there are some urinals that seem to have been designed to spray you with your own urine.
New York, voter registration problems are so numerous that Election Justice USA will be filing a lawsuit on Friday
Huge FPS Problems since Patch 3.14
Bad Candidates Aren't The Only Problem - Americans are Bad Voters. 
There is currently a huge bug/problem with Blue Sentinels, Watchdogs of Farron and Darkmoon covenants
Is the Monty Hall problem the same even if the door opened by the host is chosen at random?
The problem I have with 3 full expansions.
Lucian getting even more nerfs, shows that we're turning a blind eye to the actual problem, YET again
The problem is not that ADC's don't do enough damage, its that tanks do too much
Something being overlooked since Destiny released. PSN did not have any problems yesterday that I know of, no downtime at all. It would be huge news if the opposite were to happen.
Twitch TV should Improve on Their Video Stuttering Problems
Enough is enough, we need IO fixed because I'm running into so many problems playing him every time. It's ruining everyone's game with an IO involved and I feel like it shouldn't be ignored any longer.
The deaf wife problem.
What First World Problem are you currently dealing with?
With all of the drama surrounding the Sandbox mode, try not to forget the Challenger Series problems!
YSK about "Problem Steps Recorder", a criminally underrated troubleshooting tool for Windows
Lying about heart problems?
My gf wants to make guy friends at college, so she won't tell them we're dating. I have a problem with this, am i wrong?
"Your technician is very arrogant" The story of how it took 10 minutes to fix a 3 second problem.
NEW YORKER VOTERS BEWARE VOTING PROBLEMS OCCURING
Tryndamire vs Xerath Critical Problem
thag see problem in reddit.
Hillary Resigned As SOS, Because Of Several Health Problems. What Was Wrong With Hillary When She Quit Her Job? How Can We Elect Her POTUS If She Won't Come Clean. She Couldn't Handle Being SOS?
CS:GO's problem with cheating in matchmaking is absolutely ridiculous.
You've got problems, What are they? I'll tell you how to fix them.
Broken Till: Can't Replicate Problem Because We Kept On Removing Problem Before Testing
Ubisoft we need to hear what you're doing about the connection problems!
The real problem is that tickets are useless,and not the hats
Core problem with jungle
The ACTUAL problem with the ADC role...
How to solve the problem of abusing Relic Shield without nerfing it's CD
Why does the Monty Hall problem seem counter-intuitive?
Why are Christian terrorists said to have mental problems, but for other terrorists, the problem is the religion they follow?
The REAL problem with PCMR and Linux
S3E10 "Borrowing Problems from the Future": Post-Episode Discussion
The recent nerfs to Ahri on PBE are NOT the way to balance her. They do not address the core problem.
Couple in their nineties are both having problems remembering things...
/r/trees, I am finally ready to admit I have a problem
Pirates aren't the problem. The problem is that Blizzard introduces viable deck types without any cards to counter them if they grow out of hand.
J.T. Barrett's "punishment" is absolutely pathetic, and it exemplifies a larger problem with college football.
It's way too hard to get new players into this game. Smurfs are a huge problem.
FiveThirtyEight lays out the growing problems with our political process. What can we do to address these concerns if you think they are legitimate concerns?
Shaco + Speelthief's Edge problem
Blizzard is just distracting us from the real problem
I have a problem were at night I will masturbate in my sleep.  I need to stop
[OC] In 5 years, Super Bowl LVI is scheduled to be played on the same day as the 2022 Winter Olympics. How will the NFL address this problem?
Let's ignore hackers & exploiters for a moment and look at the core problem with this "loot-based shooter"
I have a real problem with Cena calling Lana a 'ho"
The problem with Bethesda's stories isn't bad writing, but a lack thereof.
Syndra's post-death ultimate got a stealth change that is causing a problem.
The actual problem that resulted to the ip farming is how ip rewards scale with time.
Fps drop after 3.8 patch, Anyone else having this kind of problem?
I have a problem, and I don't know what I can do about it.
Tanks aren't the problem, Gromp isn't the problem, Thornmail is not the problem, and...
We have FPS problems since patch 3.9
I have a rather... Embarrassing problem with peach.
My [35F] and my daughter [11F] are having a problem with her teacher [50??F]
After watching the recent Gravity vs Dignitas game, I noticed that I wasn't the only one having this problem.
Why is reddit so easily misled? The head of the DEA isn't the problem, the laws that are in place are. It's wasted effort to target her (and it's unfair). Target your elected representative. 
So is Riot just ignoring the whole "minion block" problem?
Steraks isn't the problem... The lack of viable options is.
MEGATHREAD: PC Problems (Post 15GB Patch)
The Problem of Susan [Reading Narnia as Adults]
How to "solve" the META "problem".
Science AMA Series: I’m Dr. David Kimhy of Columbia Psychiatry. My study showed that an aerobic exercise program improved cognitive functioning in people with schizophrenia, and with increases in fitness and brain-derived neurotrophic factor, a protein involved in brain plasticity. AMA!
Anti-psychiatry
I'm Dr. Tyler Black, Medical Director of the CAPE Unit at BC Children's Hospital and BC Mental Health and Substance Use Services. I am a Suicidologist and specialist in Paediatric Emergency Psychiatry. C'mon, r/science, AMA!
Science AMA Series: We’re the OCD Research Team at New York State Psychiatric Institute/Columbia University Medical Center. We will answer questions about treatment and will demystify any misconceptions you have about Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder!
I'm a medical student who is interested in psychiatry, but why is there a r/antipsychiatry???
Science AMA series: I’m Dr. Katherine Shear of Columbia Psychiatry. People need to know more about what grief is - a multifaceted time-varying reaction to loss, and what it is NOT - clinical depression. AMA.
Psychiatry's "Bible" Gets an Overhaul: Psychiatry's diagnostic guidebook gets its first major update in 30 years. The changes may surprise you
Why might someone consider psychiatry a "sham"?
Something to take into consideration when reading comments to posts on r/Psychiatry
My psychiatry book says you all use steroids, but I don't wanna believe.
4Chan does Psychiatry
How do y'all handle the anti-psychiatry nuts that seem to permeate the internet and the general population?
An increasing number of U.S. adults are using marijuana, and attitudes about the drug are shifting – fewer people perceive pot as harmful, according to a new study published in The Lancet Psychiatry.
What made you pick psychiatry? What do you like the most? Would you do it again?
Found in the psychiatry ward at the hospital where I work
do you find psychiatry has stigma attached to it?
A disorder that causes the individual to fly off the handle unexpectedly, as in road rage, has been significantly linked with toxoplasmosis, a parasite commonly associated with cat feces, according to the Journal of Clinical Psychiatry.
Need advice: considering Psychiatry. What were your qualifications during applications?
For those of you interested in Psychiatry, why are you interested in Psychiatry?
My university just created an anti-psychiatry scholarship. At what point does academic freedom become harmful?
"Make no mistake, what transgender activists are doing now will be remembered alongside the worst excesses of early psychiatry, and bears comparison to some of the worse practices of American eugenics."
Psychiatry versus Neurology
I wrote a point by point rebuttal to an anti-psychiatry essay. Would you guys have any input you could add based on your knowledge of the field?
Hi, I’m Doctor Jeffrey Lieberman, former president of the APA and author of Shrinks: The Untold Story of Psychiatry. AMA.
TIL LSD (Acid) was legal for decades, was given to undergraduate psychiatry students as part of their education, and it has the highest success rate in recorded history for treating alcoholism.
Incorporating omega-3, vitamins and mineral supplements into the diets of children with extreme aggression can reduce this problem behavior in the short term according to University of Pennsylvania researchers who published their findings in the Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry.
Does anyone feel like they are driven towards their careers in psychiatry because of their own psychological issues?
Landlord has been billing my medical insurance for physician and psychiatry visits that I do not need or even attend. Total claims have surpassed $200k. What do I do?
What are the best medical schools and residency programs in the US for psychiatry?
Is Donald Trump Mentally Ill? 3 Professors of Psychiatry Ask President Obama to conduct "a full medical and neuropsychiatric evaluation"
Psychiatry and Peer Pressure...
Psychiatry
What is the most exciting thing in R&D in the field of psychiatry that might change treatment?
Repressed memories don't exist - "the most pernicious bit of folklore ever to infect psychology and psychiatry"
Science AMA Series: We’re the OCD Research and Treatment Team at New York State Psychiatric Institute/Columbia University Medical Center. We will answer questions about the cutting edge research we’ve been doing and treatment options for Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder! AMA
What should I know before choosing psychiatry?
Reading recommendations for 4th year student pursuing Psychiatry
What does it take to match into a top psychiatry residency?
What's psychiatry like?
A patient visits /r/psychiatry
Psychiatry is less appealing to me now because of the drugs...
Future of Psychiatry
What do you really think of Psychiatry?
Best psychiatry textbook(s) focusing on neuroscience behind different disorders?
4th year pharmacy student currently doing a rotation in inpatient (hospital-based) psychiatry to refute psychiatricnurse's false claims. AMA. 
1944 Psychiatry for Nurses
Psychiatry residency in ivy leagues: how to
[Serious] Psychiatry and stigma
Any recommendations on audiobooks on psychiatry?
Great readings in psychiatry?
A Russian court on Tuesday ordered a critic of President Vladimir Putin confined to a psychiatric ward indefinitely over clashes with police at a protest, a ruling likened by rights activists to abuses of psychiatry during the Soviet era to jail dissidents
SMBC: Psychiatry
What is your opinion on Cannabis use?
psychiatry or social work for a career???
Tumblr on history of psychiatry
considering psychiatry as a career
Why don't people like Psychiatry???
There should be a place people can pay to visit just to play with puppies. No more psychiatry. No more sadness. Feeling stressed? Go play with puppies for an hour! The proceeds go to helping the puppies get adopted as they age.
Is psychiatry "real" medicine?
Which majors should I take for psychiatry?
I’m, Dr. David Sack, an addiction psychiatrist. Ask me anything about drug and sex addiction
For those of you who chose psychiatry as a specialty: what other specialties did you consider, and why did you decide on psychiatry?
Best way to learn about psychiatry as a teen?
love psychiatry, *hate* medschool - does it get better?
Donald Trump: Psychiatry professors say 'dangerous' US President must be removed from post for public safety
This sub has become dominated by those seeking medical advice...
TIL according to a UK psychiatry study, 3 out of 11 personality disorders were more common in executives than in criminal psychiatric patients. The business people were described as "successful psychopaths and the criminals as unsuccessful psychopaths".
I'm a rising 2nd year med student who wants to know what it takes to match a top tier psychiatry residency?
Most biologically-oriented psychiatry residencies
What are ways in which you think psychiatry as a practice can improve?
Why Psychiatry and not Psychology, PhD or PsyD?
Why are so many people convinced psychiatry/neuroscience is 
fake/unscientific?
[Censorship] /r/science mods decide that 'transgender is not a mental illness' and dissenters will be banned; comments, including doctor of psychiatry, having none of it.
TIL Kirstie Alley was the only surviving regular cast member of 'Cheers' not to appear on 'Frasier' because appearing on a show which appeared to portray or endorse psychiatry went against her beliefs as a Scientologist.
In a study called 'the largest investigation of the association between playing a musical instrument and brain development,' a child psychiatry team has found that musical training might also help kids focus their attention, control their emotions and diminish their anxiety.
Is anyone else very, or on the verge of becoming, anti-psychiatry?
Is Everyone Here Anti-Psychiatry?
When did psychiatry transit from woo to legitimate science?
[tw: not tumblr, redipill stuff] Some crazy from the other side, redpillers on trans girls. Paranoid delusions and armchair psychiatry abound.
AskScience AMA Series: I'm Marina Picciotto, the Editor in Chief for the Journal of Neuroscience. Ask Me Anything!
What is the modern consensus in Psychiatry regarding the efficacy of anti-depressants vs placebo?
Med student to psychiatrists: trepidation regarding possible entry into psychiatry as a specialty
Does where you get your residency matter for psychiatry?
What do you consider "top" psychiatry programs?
Museums dedicated to Psychiatry, the mind, or asylums museums
I believe suicide should be respected as a civil and human right for adults. I am not pro-suicide. I just believe coercive and forceful (non-consensual) psychiatry is morally wrong. I believe we should use persuasion, reason, and kindness to reduce suicides, not force, coercion and confinement. AMA.
tips for high schoolers wanting to get into psychiatry?
Can Psychiatry be a Science?
PLOS Science Wednesday: Hi reddit, I'm Ole Andreassen and my colleagues and I developed and validated a new genetic score to predict the age of Alzheimer's disease onset -- Ask Me Anything!
Why Psychiatry Should Discard The Idea of Free Will
asking about psychiatry vs clinical psych. to clinical psychologists, grad students, and psychiatrists
Leo's journey through Psychiatry residency
Does psychiatry further your contemplation on the human experience?
Why do so many people think Psychiatry is an evil pseudoscience??
Science AMA Series: We are a group of Columbia Faculty and we believe that Ebola has become a social disease, AUA.
i like to learn about psychiatry but don't like doing psychiatry
Significant developments in psychiatry in the last five years?
Any advice on how to prepare for psychiatry residency as a 2nd year?
31 Days of Halloween at Rutgers Robert Wood Johnson Medical School Department of Psychiatry!
MRW when I've finally set up a psychiatry appointment to start tackling the depression, paranoia, and anxiety that have been ruining my life for the past year and a half
Science AMA Series: I’m Dr. David Kimhy of Columbia Psychiatry. My study showed that an aerobic exercise program improved cognitive functioning in people with schizophrenia, and with increases in fitness and brain-derived neurotrophic factor, a protein involved in brain plasticity. AMA!
I have schizophrenia. Ask Us Anything.
Iama guy with schizophrenia. ama!
Science AMA Series: I'm Jason Shepherd, from the U of Utah, I Investigate the Cellular and Molecular Mechanism of Memory and the Biology/Causes of Disorders such as Autism, Schizophrenia, Alzheimer's Disease and other Cognitive Disorders, Ask Me Almost Anything!
ELI5: schizophrenia
IAmA doctoral student researching assessment and treatment for schizophrenia, AMA!
If you've been diagnosed with schizophrenia, how's your sense of smell?
I've been diagnosed with schizophrenia, but let me tell you about the dog
I see no shame in having Schizophrenia.
I am a worker in the mental health field, currently working with people that have Schizophrenia AMA.
Schizophrenia with Severe Violent Tendencies
TIL that between 73% and 100% of all individuals with schizophrenia living in Germany between 1939 and 1945 were sterilized or killed. Today Germany does not show deviation from first world levels of schizophrenia.
Schizophrenia, Understanding Delusion, and Buddhist Philosophy
How do you feel about people saying that schizophrenia is a "spiritual gift?"
Is it true that marijuana can cause (activate?) schizophrenia in people predisposed to it? 
Gave my schizophrenia testimony in front of a lot of people today
A study of 1.3 million people in Sweden found that the risk of being diagnosed with schizophrenia or other psychoses was three times higher in refugees than in the Swedish-born population, supporting the theory that schizophrenia and other psychoses are influenced by life experiences.
The brains of patients with schizophrenia vary depending on the type of schizophrenia.
TIL congenital blindness and schizophrenia do not co-occur.There is not a single case of congenitally blind diagnosed with schizophrenia
Schizophrenia, God, and your opinon
What are the best jobs for someone diagnosed with schizophrenia?
Can schizophrenia be a happy condition?
Researchers follow up on a study that gave omega-3 fish oil pills to younger people with early signs of schizophrenia. They found that just 10 per cent of those given fish oils went on to develop schizophrenia, compared with 40 per cent of the placebo group.
If you don't think schizophrenia is real, why are you on r/schizophrenia?
IamA Michael Schofield, father of Jani Schofield, diagnosed with child-onset schizophrenia at age 6 and author of January First. AMA!
IAMA 22 year old man with Schizophrenia. AMA.
Best country for people with schizophrenia
“Dimmer switch” drug idea could tackle schizophrenia without side effects: Discovery of a new mechanism of drug action could lead to the next generation of drugs to treat schizophrenia
I'd like to hear your story and personal experience with schizophrenia and/or psychosis.
I have been suffering from Schizophrenia since my early years and have always heard the same voice in my head. Yesterday, I met the person with that voice in real life.
Schizophrenia: movies vs. reality - how real do the delusions appear?
Any positive aspects of having schizophrenia?
I have autism, depression, social anxiety, and possibly schizophrenia. AMA
Schizophrenia and sexual issues
Schizophrenics: how did it start? [Serious]
Cat parasite Toxoplasma gondii linked to mental illness, schizophrenia
TIL no one born blind has ever developed schizophrenia
My headmates are not schizophrenia, jerk!
Who else here is tired of the media treating psychopathy and schizophrenia as the same thing?
Anybody else get angry seeing how other diseases and disorders are so accepted, when schizophrenia isn't?
What physical item represents your schizophrenia?
Brain abnormalities identified in people with schizophrenia
I'm a county jailer in a maximum security psych ward. An inmate with severe paranoid schizophrenia drew this.
[hacked/cloned] Psychoeducation Week 4 ~ Schizophrenia Spectrum
I've had schizophrenia for as long as I can remember. AMA
Louis Wain's drawing of cats throughout his descent into schizophrenia
Schizophrenia.
Part 2: I was diagnosed with childhood schizophrenia after experiencing a series of traumatic events. I was told they never really happened. But I know they did.
Guy with schizophrenia realizing he is having an episode. It's crazy that people struggle like this everyday.
TIL higher intelligence is linked with higher rates of mental illness such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, causing the "mad scientist" stereotype to have ground in reality.
24 F - My concerns with a possible schizophrenia diagnosis and the stigma surrounding it
Looking to learn more about schizophrenia.
What's your theories on schizophrenia?
Artist suffering from schizophrenia would draw what she saw on her walls.
Physiological Markers for Depression, Schizophrenia Confirmed
Schizophrenia does not exist, um, because culture?
Schizophrenia in children
I am a 21 y/o female with schizophrenia. AMA!
Part 5: I was diagnosed with childhood schizophrenia after experiencing a series of traumatic events. I was told they never really happened. But I know they did.
Very Good Description of Schizophrenia [Comic]
The Philosophical Reality of Schizophrenia- Philosophy Bites 
How does schizophrenia usually start? On Dec. 5th I started to hear voices... 
Pschoeducation Week 4 ~ Schizophrenia Spectrum
Part 4: I was diagnosed with childhood schizophrenia after experiencing a series of traumatic events. I was told they never really happened. But I know they did.
Anything about your schizophrenia that could be found comical?
Anderson Cooper tries a schizophrenia simulator
What is schizophrenia like?
How does schizophrenia feel to you?
Part 3: I was diagnosed with childhood schizophrenia after experiencing a series of traumatic events. I was told they never really happened. But I know they did.
TIL that Soviet psychology once classified "the struggle for truth and justice" as a symptom of paranoid, delusional schizophrenia.
TIL in 2013 The Wall Street Journal discovered a cache of files that revealed the U.S. government lobotomized over 2000 veterans against their will after WW2. The veterans were lobotomized for reasons such as PTSD, depression, schizophrenia, and occasionally homosexuality.
Rare single gene mutation increases risk of schizophrenia 35-fold, new study suggests. (Study also emphasises that there is significant overlap between schizophrenia and other brain development disorders, such as autism and intellectual disabilities.)
For those who have suffered from schizophrenia, what is it really like and what are some common misconceptions?
Artist who only draws cats slowly descends into schizophrenia. All of these images are cats, and presented in chronological order.
Cannabis Use during Adolescence Affects Brain Regions Associated with Schizophrenia
TIL There is an optical illusion that can detect schizophrenia
/u/finmeister tells a sad story of working with someone with schizophrenia who has a lucid moment.
Do you feel like cognitive impairment is the forgotten symptom in schizophrenia?
TIL that five mental disorders (autism, ADHD, bipolar DO, major depression, schizophrenia) have been found to overlap, and all share genetic roots
A Smashing Solution for Schizophrenia (by the woundrous 'princessgubblebum' on imgur)
My uncle (m/38) has schizophrenia and he is ignored by the whole family and everyone treats him like he's a hopeless case. I (20/f) want to help him
[Serious] Any Redditors with schizophrenia? What is it like to be in your shoes for a day?
Is it possible for someone with schizophrenia to understand that their delusions are delusions while still believing them? (x-post from r/mentalillness)
If someone with schizophrenia was hallucinating that someone was sat on a chair in front of them, and then looked at the chair through a video camera, would the person still appear to be there?
I have schizophrenia, and people are terrorizing me
Anderson Cooper attempting to go about his daily routine while under the influence of a simulation designed to replicate the experience of someone suffering with schizophrenia - [5:03]
Are we allowed to post here if we don't have Schizophrenia?
New research shows that schizophrenia isn’t a single disease but a group of eight genetically distinct disorders, each with its own set of symptoms. The finding could be a first step toward improved diagnosis and treatment for the debilitating psychiatric illness.
Do y'all prefer being referred to as Schizophrenic, or a person with Schizophrenia?
Brain levels of vitamin B12 decrease with age and are prematurely low in people with autism and schizophrenia
TIL that people suffering from schizophrenia may hear "voices" differently depending on their cultural context. In the United States, the voices are harsh and threatening; in Africa and India, they are more benign and playful.
What is it like Living with schizophrenia
Schizophrenia and Denial
Part 6: I was diagnosed with childhood schizophrenia after experiencing a series of traumatic events. I was told they never really happened. But I know they did.
TIL that people with schizophrenia are not fooled by the Charlie Chaplin Optic Illusion.
Were any of you given a different diagnosis before schizophrenia?
Schizophrenia and working
What are your thoughts about a psychiatrist posting here?
Should I [30F] tell my husband [34M] that my sister [33F] has schizophrenia?
Made a friend with schizophrenia, just curious if there is any dos and donts.
LPT: Stress Management (Lessons learned from a USAF fighter pilot)
Science AMA series: Hi, I’m Amy Smith, graduate student at Tufts University. I study stress and memory, and recently published a paper in Science showing that taking practice tests leads to better memory recall, especially under stress, than traditional “studying.” Since it’s almost exam time, AMA!
Please stress to everybody you know that Democratic Primaries are PROPORTIONAL! Every vote counts!
Did young people in Feudal Europe feel like they had choices and did they stress about them?
TIFU by thinking I could outsmart a Scientology stress test administered by a Scientology Auditor on an e-meter.
Hey Reddit, what is root of all your stress?
CBLoL is now showing real time player physical stats: Heart Rate, Stress Level and Breathing
American Chemical Society AMA: Hi, we are Chemjobber and Gregory Eells here to chat with you about what most of us (if not all) had to deal with ? graduate school stress. AUA!
Everyone on team reddit would like to raise a toast to jedberg and the missus, in celebration of their embarkation into the exhilaration that is married life!

DIY: I 3d printed a better cat food bowl for my cat who was experiencing whisker stress
**Update** Me [26M] with my live-in girlfriend [26F] 10 years, she has lost her sex drive due to anxiety/stress issues. I'm trying to be supportive but the lack of intimacy is killing me
A psychologist walked around a room while teaching stress management to an audience. As she raised a glass of water, everyone expected they'd be asked the "half empty or half full" question. Instead, with a smile on her face, she inquired: "How heavy is this glass of water?"
"Good" stress in games. Why are some devs decreasing it?
What exactly are muscle knots? I assume they form under stress, but why do they stay formed for long periods of time? 
Stress Test (Online)
This is not Déjà vu, a wave of invites just went out for a Stress Test
LPT: If you are thinking about marrying someone, don't make a decision until after you have seen the person in a very stressful situation. How they handle stress is going to tell you a lot about that person, and marriage is not all kittens and rainbows.
My (30f) fiancee (38m) of 2 years said something horrible to me during a fight and later blamed it on stress.
No Queue, no lags and no problems in first hours in the "Stress-Test"
Anyone else think that the lack of job security in the US is a huge, huge cause of stress?
What games do you play when you just need a stress free, lighthearted, relaxing experience?
COMP STRESS TEST!!!!!
PSA- It's a stress test.
[LINK] David Tennant narrates films aimed at dogs and cats to help reduce firework night stress!
I'm CJ Hardin, a former Army Sergeant who recovered from posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) after going through MDMA-assisted psychotherapy in a clinical trial. Ask me anything!
What video game has given you the most stress?
PSA: We're running a stress test of our blockchain voting system when this post is 36 hours old, and there might be some congestion.
The Official Ticket Buying Stresses & Successes Thread
So this is how they are selecting active WvW players to stress test new map...
Announcement #2 - Realm Names, Launch Order, Stress Testing, and the Future.
My gf wants to "stress-test" our [24M/23F] relationship of six months to see if it will last
High pay + High Stress vs. Good Pay + Low Stress
Any careers in medicine that are low stress?
[Giveaway] It's a really tough week for me, this community is a place where I could relieve my stress
We are Red Hook Studios, developers of Darkest Dungeon, the gothic roguelike RPG about the psychological stresses of adventuring. AUA!
TIFU by relieving some stress during my break
Official Request from Bernie's Campaign - "This Sunday we are stress testing...
[Contest] Link me to something that helps you relieve stress.
How do you guys deal with stress?
Levels of stress.
Isn't NC with Zooella supposed to decrease my stress??
Just dueled a stress ball
Stress Test Changes Log - 15AUG12
Dark Souls is the game I go to to relieve stress...
Fight or flight: human's natural responses to stress. What about the third F--freeze?
I believe we have our first scammer organizing a Bitcoin stress test
I am Lynn Bufka, PhD, a psychologist and expert on stress. Ask Me Anything!
[Meta] Might I suggest that people stop mentioning stress and worries in their videos.
Uncharted 4 Multiplayer Stress Test Beta [Official Discussion Thread]
Stress Relief
Help stress test PS4 servers
My (24M) girlfriend (23F) of 2 years is in grad school and cries randomly for no reason because of stress. Is this normal?
Stress Test #9 Experiences, Issues, & Feedback
How do you deal with your stress or anxiety? 
Reddit, what are your non-typical ways of relieving stress at the workplace? 
"People that play tanks are more emotionally stable and react better under stress compared to DPS" -University of Iowa study on MMO roles and player personality
Weed and stress: weed allows you to escape all stress--including the type that would push you to grow.
My therapist just told me its okay to stress eat. WTF?
McDonalds should add an "Angry Meal" to the menu, and the toy should be a squeezable stress ball.
1.1.1 Stress Test Post-Mortem
So many people here talk about how much money and time they have, how much they travel and have such a stress free life. Anyone else over here like "I'm broke and lead a stressful life as is"?
A 37 year old woman "drowned her 4-year-old Autistic son in a bathtub". The Woman felt "like her whole existence was dedicated to her child" and "she couldn't handle the stress of caring for her child." The family had "amassed $70,000 in debt getting their son numerous types of treatment.".
Burn out and stress management
"Don't stress out about 'A, B, or C;' it's not good for the baby"
[Method] Healthy Adult Mode is an actual thing – why you act like a child when you are under stress, and how you should respond
Stress gets to us all
[M4F] Stress Relief [Tenga Egg] [Squishy Man Sounds] [Fantastic Orgasm]
Stress over amassed unplayed or unfinished games?
TIL scientists were monitoring whale stress levels by analyzing their poop and found that their stress plummeted sharply after the 9/11 attacks. After shipping traffic was halted, the oceans quieted down and made it easier for whales to communicate with each other
Does anyone else use sex or sexual activity to relieve stress in the same way "normal" people talk out their frustrations?
Do you need extreme stress to focus?
Your friends just want you to de-stress and enjoy yourself!
Does churning ever stress you out?
R/Psychonaut, I have ZERO dollars in my checking account right now and I feel no stress....
"Stress Test"
[Poll] Stress tests and beta weekends are done, time 
for a poll - What will your main be?
Stress cleaning
Stress Test #2 - Thoughts/Experiences?
What is a Computer Science area for low stress?
The first dog in space died of stress. Was that because of all the vacuums up there?
Would you guys mind taking a survey about LoL and stress? It's for my term paper!
[Time Sensitive] Devs need more stress on servers
Would anyone else buy a Rocket League stress ball?
[Image] Hank Hill on handling stress
[Survey] How do people cope with stress and anxiety? (upvote for more visibility)
TIL that the smell of coffee reduces the stress caused by sleep deprivation and damage caused by stress
How does one deal with stress in the immediate moment?
What in a relationship stresses you out the most, and how do you manage it?
YSK: How to handle stress & worry...especially when you're scared.
TIFU by dropping a lightbulb in an elevator while leaving the Post Traumatic Stress Disorder treatment unit at a Veterans Hospital where I work.
As an adult, I no longer masturbate because I'm horny. It's either to relieve stress or because im bored.
Does weed make anyone else feel like you did when you were an anxiety/stress free individual?
[Method] Sleep, Stress, and Discipline
Stay at relatively stable/stressful sales job ($140k+) or take super stable/lower stress gov't job (~$105k)?
Would you guys be willing to take a quick survey on LoL stress? It's for my term paper!
OMG.Pomelo:We still got secret weapons and I personally want to show you how much stress a chinese pro have to take from the community.
[serious] Rust and repetitive stress injury, can the devs please make this a priority fix?
Held up by constant stress
Stress test extended by one hour.
We [16f's] are the cause of our mom's [40f] stress. She just broke down and we feel horrible. How can we fix things between us?
/r/LatvianJokes is join struggle
What's something that you struggle with on a daily basis?
Abin City 7: Struggles
Why does Curry struggle so much against Cleveland?
[Miniseries Spoilers] Episode Discussion Thread - Episode 1 "My Struggle"
The Struggle Continues
Thoughts on Kaepernick's struggles this year?
I used to struggle to read...
[Miniseries Spoilers] Post-Episode Discussion Thread - Episode 6 "My Struggle II"
I'm extremely obese and I struggle with squats
What's one rules aspect you struggle with, or frequently see other players struggle with?
IamA social skills expert who overcame the social struggles of Asperger's! My book is free on Kindle today, so AMA!
Ex didn't let me face time with the kids, now she can struggle to figure out how.
[Miniseries Spoilers] Episode Discussion Thread - Episode 6 "My Struggle II"
The smartest guys I know all struggle with depression and they all lack confidence. They also struggle with women and almost all them are virgins. Does their lack of success with women contribute to their low self esteem?
What issue do you struggle with the most in your faith?
The struggle of PAL Marth. [xpost from /r/ssbm]
Do Not Open Up to Women About Your Struggle
[FanArt] The Struggle
My struggle at 300+lbs.. Why no one should be proud that their plus size.
Ladies who struggle to get dates/male attention, how do you feel when you're dismissed as "not real" or the exception?
Twilight Struggle on Steam: Worth it?
What is your hidden daily struggle?
How can I [70F] make sure my foster-to-adopted grandchildren [4F, 6M] feel loved during the holidays despite their emotional/behavioral struggles?
[TMZ] There's a power struggle between LAC Coach Doc Rivers and LAC President of Business Operations Gillian Zucker
Maps you struggle with
What struggles do men and women face everyday?
In today’s economy, even two-income families struggle to make ends meet
How old are you and what is the biggest struggle in your life right now? (x/post AskWomen)
Reminder: You can struggle out of grabs with the shoulder buttons
16 year-old daughter, out of nowhere: “I wanna play Twilight Struggle.”
Twilight Struggle... I don't know how they... it's just... I dunno...
What do you struggle with most as a Christian?
Champions that people typically struggle to play against - reply with how to handle them
Badge-Less Master! My two year struggle to achieve a silly goal!
I am Ananda Gupta, co-designer of Twilight Struggle and advisor on Twilight Struggle Digital. AMA
Your struggle and pain? Women neither understand nor give much of a fuck.
After 10 yrs of struggle
[Advice] Think of struggle as a good thing. Struggle means progress.
Twilight Struggle on iOS is out
Anyone struggle to believe they deserve love?
Reddit, what is extremely easy for you but other people seem to struggle with?
I'm putting together a basic posing guide with videos - Who wants it & What do you struggle with?
[TLOK B4] Korra's internal struggle helped me get help.
[CJ] Our Current Struggles
I wrote about: Spiderwebs in games and the struggle for artists learning what make things look good
What is a desired trait you struggle to find in a woman? Inspired by a similar thread in r/AskWomen
Does anyone else have a massive backlog of books to read? The struggle is real
The alternate "10 Struggles of not being fat, but not being skinny either"
[Serious] Why does David Price struggle so much in the postseason?
Michael Phelps and his struggles with ADHD discussed in the NYT article
"There is no need to struggle to be free; the absence of struggle is in itself freedom"
Live NJPW Power Struggle 2016 Discussion Thread
Want to learn Twilight Struggle? We just published the Twilight Strategy blog as a free e-book!
IamA social skills expert who overcame the social struggles of Asperger's! My newest book "Level Up Your Social Life" is free on Kindle today, so AMA!
2015 HHH Struggle Cypher! (INFO INSIDE)
Dev Struggles
[text] Quote from "Lost" about the struggle of life, and addiction.
The ultimate Twilight Struggle / Cold War soundtrack
They should turn knife counters into a button struggle
Let us be thankful for our struggles.
"I am convinced Socialism is the only answer and I urge all comrades to take this struggle to a victorious conclusion. Only this will free us from the chains of bigotry and exploitation.” - Malala Yousafzai
Alton Sterling shot, killed by Louisiana cops during struggle after he was selling music outside Baton Rouge store (WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT)
[Method] If you struggle with managing time, start actually managing it
The one and only time I had to use Struggle
I know that meditation makes me happier, yet I struggle to do it consistently. Has anyone here overcome this problem?
i might be a democratic 🗳 socialist ☭ but if i see a fine 😰💦 xtian 🇺🇸 traditionalist girl 😇 my class struggle 👷about to be a ass struggle 🍑
CMV: People who've never struggled with an impulse can't attribute their lack of struggle to superior willpower
TIL Twilight Struggle isn't another name for Twilight Imperium
Guys, what's some weird things that you have to deal with because you have a penis?
The struggles of an Ana main
I am Gary Weis, Playdek’s CTO and a key developer for Twilight Struggle Digital, AMA
The college student struggle is real...
The slippery struggle of this cat fishing on ice
(Serious) Extremely skinny people of Reddit, what is one of the worst daily struggles you face that "average" sized people wouldn't know/understand?
the struggle is real
The Subaquatic Struggle
Why do intelligent people seem to struggle more with religion?
[Poetry] The Struggles of Watching Anime
The IT guy struggle
The struggle is real
Post your current beauty struggles
The Struggles of Watching Anime
Jim knows the struggle
Shouldn't wrestlers struggle more?
My wife's a school teacher and this is the struggle she has to endure.
I don't want to come off as harsh or sarcastic or condescending, but I genuinely want to know, how do people struggle to gain weight?
Why does Georgia Tech "struggle" on the recruiting trail despite being in a recruiting hotbed?
I finally “get” Twilight Struggle
[POLL] Which Role In Conquest Do You Struggle With The Most?
No Man's Sky giveaway to help out a brethren in the FPS struggle
TSA Struggles
Chubby raccoon dumpster struggle.
Anyone else share the struggle?
Why do so many Heisman winners struggle in the NFL?
My [22F] Husband [28M] struggles to get a job and keep it. I read his email and discovered his last job didn't end exactly how he told me
A subterranean struggle on the waves.
Early Birds of Reddit, what is your advice to us Night Owls that struggle so much to rise everyday?
Three years ago my 6 month old son passed away from SIDS, the unmarked letter i got after is still my biggest struggle with faith.
What is your biggest struggle in online music marketing?
Suicide Squad Review megathread
Official Discussion: Suicide Squad [SPOILERS]
Voyboy is currently doing a 24 Hour Livestream to support American Foundation for Suicide Prevention
Redditors who have known someone who has committed suicide, how unexpected was it? Looking back was there something you missed?
Box Office Week: Suicide Squad demolishes the August opening weekend record by over $40 mil, coming in #1 with $135.1 mil. Meanwhile both Jason Bourne and Star Trek Beyond drop over 50% and Nine Lives flops opening at #6 with $6.5 mil
Science AMA Series: I’m Eric D. Caine, Director of the Injury Control Research Center for Suicide Prevention (ICRC-S), at the University of Rochester Medical Center (URMC), I also serve as Chair of Psychiatry at URMC and for many years cared for persons who were acutely suicidal. AMA!
[Serious] Should an adult have the option to legally sign a medical suicide waiver and end their life?
Players who suicide in mystery heroes should get the same character on the next life
People who attempted suicide, what did you do on your "last day"
Norman considers suicide.
The Mormon Prophet and his apostles have urged church members nationwide to oppose ballot initiatives in Nov. that would legalize recreational marijuana and assisted suicide. Just like they did with Prop 8. If the LDS church wants to operate like a superPAC, they should lose their tax exempt status.
Am I wrong for thinking that suicide should be a 
fundamental human right?
Cop here. I have seen a large increase in suicides this year and I don't know why. For my Cake Day I'd like to Ask Reddit to look out for each other and know that there are resources put there if you need them. And to ask Wgat can you do today to save someone's life?
Third Annual /r/Dota2 Christmas Suicide Hotline
[Serious] Parents of children who have committed suicide, could you explain the experience?
Suicide Squad gets poor reviews. /r/movies puts on the comedy and drama
IamA suicide hotline worker and suicide prevention specialist at a local nonprofit...AMA!
Telling people they should commit suicide needs to result in a silence, regardless of any other reports.
Every day, safely tuck a correctly dated suicide note into your butthole. That way, if you got in a freak accident, it would look like it was intentional and confuse everyone around you.
Reddit, do you think people should be allowed to commit suicide?
The SUICIDE SQUAD Discussion Megathread (Spoiler discussion of the film goes here.)
CMV: Suicide is a basic human right
Why was suicide so high in Sweden from the mid 60's to the early 70's?
The Mormon Prophet and his apostles have urged church members nationwide to oppose ballot initiatives in Nov. that would legalize recreational marijuana and assisted suicide. Just like they did with Prop 8. If the LDS church wants to operate like a superPAC, they should lose their tax exempt status.
What's the difference between a feminist and a suicide vest?
[Serious] How can you tell when someone is being serious about suicide, or is just looking for attention?
SUICIDE SQUAD Press Screenings and Rumored Reactions Megathread
The SUICIDE SQUAD Review Megathread (All reviews and related discussions belong here.)
I delayed suicide for over years just to see one movie
Giveaway For A Bottle Of Mother's Milk By Suicide Bunny From EVCigarettes! Plus a Special Coupon Code For Our Reddit Readers!
Voyboy is currently raising awareness for suicide prevention, come join!
The Second SUICIDE SQUAD Review Megathread (All reviews and related discussions belong here.)
If suicide and the commitment to live are equally insufficient answers to the meaninglessness of life, then suicide is just as understandable an option as living if someone simply does not like life.
A couple months ago, my friend's dad wrapped his head with a bath towel and shot himself in the face with a revolver. He lost his wife to cancer 2 years before and has been depressed ever since. He's an amazing artist. Here's his work months into his downward spiral and eventual suicide. PICS (SFW)
What is the most disturbing suicide note you can come up with in 2 sentences or less?
Suicides should not be included in "Gun Violence" statistics, CMV
For those considering suicide
Is there any evidence Hitler committed suicide beyond Soviet hearsay?
Suicide survivors of Reddit, has it gotten any better? [Serious]
Box Office Week: Despite dropping 67%, Suicide Squad is #1 again with $43.7 mil. Sausage Party opened to a surprising $33.6 mil at #2 while Pete's Dragon underperformed, opening with $21.6 mil at #3. On the smaller side Florence Foster Jenkins opened on >2,000 screens at #6 with $6.5 mil.
With Techies slowly entering the meta, I think we need more accurate kill counters for suicides and ancient denies
Are there any cases of suicide in any living organism other than humans? and is there any scientific/evolutionary reason it occurs in humans?
[Serious] Redditors who attempted suicide, what was it like waking up alive?
I've reached the mountaintop! I am now top 250 in the world for PvP suicides. AMA!
TIFU by losing my sister in the Suicide Forest.
WWE wrestlers use suicide dives so much that I no longer care or react to them
Didn't like Suicide Squad? Try Assault on Arkham (2014), a DC animated movie about a previous suicide squad.
I figured out why I hated Suicide Squad so much; it was like watching a superhero themed RPG, played by all of the most annoying players ever.
IAMA person that helped my (then) terminally ill best friend die via physician assisted suicide earlier this year.  AMA.
Why didn't you commit suicide? 
The feminist MP who laughed at male suicide FAILED to block the debate. First ever International Men's Day debate takes place in the UK parliament TODAY. Lets wish everyone Happy #InternationalMensDay & get it trending.
What are some suspicious suicides where you believe it was really murder?
I've had a number of girlfriends threaten suicide and I have a question.
I'm a suicide line worker. I had a tough day.
ELI5: Why don't overworked Japanese workers quit their jobs before dying of fatigue (karoshi) or committing suicide (karojisatsu)?
SJWs drive man to suicide with false accusations of racism [SocJus]
7 months ago, Riot Damiya commited suicide, and every thread about it was deleted.
Hello /r/Leagueoflegends ! With the approval of the mods, I am going to do an 24 hour charity stream for suicide prevention.
[Serious] Suicide hotline operators of Reddit, what is it like?
TIFU by almost committing suicide in my sleep.
[PSA] Suicide Watch
YSK--What you can do to take part in World Suicide Prevention Day and the US' National Suicide Prevention Week
This subreddit is keeping me from suicide..
In honor of World Mental Health Day, some words regarding suicide and helping those in need
ELI5: Why is suicide considered sinful in most religions?
How prevalent was suicide on the front lines of World War 1?
If Justin Bieber somehow commits suicide, the internet would feel so shitty, being part of the largest case of cyber-bullying in history.
Redditors who've lost loved ones to suicide: Did they leave a note and did it help you?
Teenagers of Reddit, what is the biggest current problem you are facing? Adults of Reddit, why is that problem not a big deal?
On suicide and taboos. 
Fuck it i'm officially Calling out Suicide Bunny/Wolf Pack/Vape wild because everyone needs to know THE TRUTH about THE WORST company in the vapor industry grab some good juice and your favorite mod this is gonna be a LONG post..
PSA: If you're having suicidal thoughts, please call 1-800-273-8255 first. It's quick and easy and there's no pressure. Just to clarify, I don't actually care about your life, I just want that sweet suicide hotline karma.
If someone wants to commit suicide, why don't we allow them to and then donate their organs to those who want to live?
The Suicide Engine
Suicide Squad:Extended Edition...here are my brief thoughts.
TIFU by writing a suicide note in an online game.
Hospital bills after suicide attempt
Suicide: a very unpopular explanation for missing person cases
What do you think could be done to lower male suicide rate?
I wish suicide were easier.
Korea's AHQ Promise confesses match fixing and is considering commiting suicide...
CMV: I think spending millions of dollars on a bridge fence to prevent suicides is a complete waste of money.
So I've been noticing a lot of depression and suicide related posts recently...
Censored from the front page of /r/worldnews: 450 of 452 suicide attacks in 2015 were by Muslim extremists, study shows
What keeps you from commiting suicide?
WTF is going on with the coverage of the Capitol suicide? The mere mention of the "tax the one percent" sentiment is being scrubbed before our eyes.
YSK How to support someone dealing with suicidal thoughts or someone close to attempting suicide.
CCP please allow us to use Blockade Runners as suicide bombers
10 reasons we should be talking about male suicide on International Men's Day
Did You Know, That If You Say Hillary Clinton In The Mirror 3 Times She Will Appear Behind You, Shoot You Twice In The Head, And Leave A Suicide Note
[Theory] Only suicide ends the loop
Why did many of the women who dated with Hitler want to commit suicide?
You guys prevented me from committing suicide yesterday. Thank you.
24hr Suicide Awareness Stream
Giveaway For A Free 30mL Bottle Of Derailed By Suicide Bunny From EVCigarettes! Plus a Special Coupon Code For Our Reddit Readers!
What do you think can/should be done about male suicide, depression, and mental illness in general?
Valve, can You please stop count suicides/neutral denies as kills by opposing team in Kill Score near day/night/clock?
BLONDE SUICIDE
CMV: People who say victims of suicide are selfish are the ones who are actually selfish
Suicide hotline operators.... do you ask the potentially suicidal person if they have weapons in their home and if so.... what is the protocol if they say "yes"?
A month ago a suicidal Redditor left his final note on MensRights, only to be egged on by members of SRS. A wrongful death suit is being filed and Reddit will be subpoened for their identities. Where to from here for SRS-affiliated subreddits?
[S03E17] - 'Suicidal Tendencies' Post-Episode Discussion
Suicide hotline operators.... do you ask the potentially suicidal person if they have weapons in their home and if so.... what is the protocol if they say "yes"?
Anyone else here "suicidal but not suicidal"?
Lost 100 pounds and suicidal (Update)
Science AMA Series: I’m Eric D. Caine, Director of the Injury Control Research Center for Suicide Prevention (ICRC-S), at the University of Rochester Medical Center (URMC), I also serve as Chair of Psychiatry at URMC and for many years cared for persons who were acutely suicidal. AMA!
YSK How to support someone dealing with suicidal thoughts or someone close to attempting suicide.
Telling people to KYS and other suicidal insults are not funny or cool
[Serious] [NSFW] Dear ex-suicidal redditors, what kept you from doing it?
Why do people get suicidal thoughts, can animals become suicidal?
In several WWII films and TV series, snipers stay behind in abandoned locations to kill occupying forces. These snipers were always killed after inflicting a few deaths. (1) Was this a common tactic on all sides? (2) How did they get snipers to engage in such suicidal behavior?
Announcement: Clarifying Rules Regarding Circlebroke titles/posts, Meta posts, and Posts Containing Suicidal Statements
How I went from a depressed, suicidal young adult to losing 150 lbs through weight lifting and hard work. (X-post from r/loseit)
Does anyone else have unprovoked, "casual" suicidal thoughts?
Machine learning is up to 93 percent accurate in correctly classifying a suicidal person and 85 percent accurate in identifying a person who is suicidal, has a mental illness but is not suicidal, or neither, found a study by Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center.
LPT: If you're feeling suicidal, TALK TO SOMEONE about how you're feeling
[NSFW] feeling suicidal. Embarassing.
I'm unemployed with no healthcare. I was recently taken to a local hospital for suicidal thoughts & depression. After a 4-hour wait in a plastic room with a rudimentary exam, I was billed over $1400 and released. Thanks, America.
Has there ever existed or does there now an animal which is suicidal other than humans?
I found out the worst part about not being suicidal anymore.
[OT] Many prompts are talking about suicide or people who are suicidal
I just want to say thank you, /r/fitness and Reddit, for getting me out of depression and suicidal thoughts.
Suicidal lonely guy is frustrated by women, reaches out for help. R/AskMen decides the REAL problem is that he's a shitlord misogynist!
Ronda Rousey admits to having suicidal thoughts, but then looked to her man and thought "I need to have his babies. I need to stay alive." You just can't make up how true TRP is
I don't understand how society can be so unsympathetic towards suicidal people
I opened up about anxiety and suicidal feelings to nmom. Her response was anger, and a declaration that her life is far worse than mine.
UPDATE I called 911 on my suicidal boyfriend [25M] 2,500 miles away, now he's in an involuntary psych hold and hates me
Not suicidal or anything, but I wouldn't mind dying
Riding over 100mph = Suicidal
Your doctor asks if you're suicidal.
Suicidal holiday introvert, look no further
My friend is suicidal. He really needs some prayers his way.
Saying "how good life is" to suicidals is not helpful
Anon is suicidal
In which r/pics thinks that saying "Do a flip, faggot" will make a suicidal person smile and not want to jump off a bridge.
If I go to my doctor for depression, should I really not mention suicidal thoughts? Is it best for them to know or will they really lock me straight up in some kind of institution? [Unanswered]
French policeman shoots suicidal man to save his life
Firefighter in Shanghai pulls suicidal man from ledge
Suicidal (prayer request)
I decided to "come out of the closet" about suicidal depression on Facebook when Robin Williams died. It went better than I thought it would. My friends were extremely supportive. This is what I posted.
Ahh, the classic "being suicidal is selfish" and "There are people who have it worse than you" lines.
Dr David Suzuki: Global economic growth is 'suicidal'
Suicidal Horn
Suicidal squrrel
Beijing Cop Handcuffs Himself To Suicidal Woman On Ledge To Save Her Life
Either very brave or suicidal...
Even if you're not suicidal now, what event, if it happened, would 100% drive you over the edge?
How did you get over suicidal thoughts? [Serious]
Coke display at local market looks suicidal
Suicidal squirrel just took out the power for a 5000 people office complex
Regarding Suicidal Users
I am a depressed, suicidal 23 year old male. AMA
Fans outside Suicidal Tendencies concert in Houston, 1987
This time last year my life was in free fall. My marriage collapsed & I suffered depression. To stay sane I reinvented myself as a filmmaker. This trailer, for my doc about Charlie Chaplin, Buster Keaton & the suicidal comedians who inspired them, is the product of the craziest year of my life (x-p)
I told my dad I was suicidal and he told me not to make too much of a mess.
/b/ discovers a solution for suicidal tendencies
Suicidal Tendencies - Institutionalized [Metal]
[TOMT][post] suicidal thoughts as addiction
How to counter suicidal tendencies.
Trans* and Suicidal
Kid donates and thanks a game development company employee/streamer for game called SMITE helping him through suicidal thoughts. Gets destroyed in return.
HELP--Veteran in/near Rochester, NY...he needs immediate emergency care (suicidal tendencies)
Why do so many medicines seem to potentially lead to suicidal thoughts?
Please, someone setup a simple guide for suicide help. Every few days I see a couple of guys who are suicidal. I don't even want to think what they do. I would gladly become a volunteer. This is getting out of hand.
Charlotte officer talks to a potentially suicidal teen with autism
Since Cops Are Now Killing the Suicidal, I've Updated Their PSA.
Im a suicidal 17 year old who very soon will be living on the streets.
Suicidal
I haven't been suicidal for awhile now, but a year and a half ago this is what saved me.
I was not suicidal.
2meirl4meirl
Let's start the conversation rolling in Feminism 101
Muhammad Ali Talks Suicidal Man Off Ledge, 1981 [640x352]
Fireman kicks suicidal man
A 14-year-old suicidal bullied boy decides to fight back, stabs attacker to death now being charge as an adult.
You guys changed my life... from suicidal to wanting to live life.
Ex-suicidal people of reddit, what saved you? And what keeps you going now?
Hundreds of airline pilots are suicidal or thinking of self-harm, study finds. Pilots 'are managing depression, and even suicidal thoughts, without the possibility of treatment due to the fear of negative career impacts'
2meirl4meirl
How I went from a depressed suicidal young adult to losing 150 lbs and finding myself through weight lifting and hard work
My computer is suicidal.
This is the man who has begun investigating the Clintons. He's not Suicidal, and he does not have a Heart Condition.
I [24/M] am suicidal and saw my girlfriend [F/23] of 4 years getting kissed by a guy I know.
Suicidal?
Survey of over 13,500 high school students finds exercise 4 or more days per week associated with 23% reduction in suicidal ideation and attempts among bullied students.
Ninja firefighter saves suicidal girl
I finally told my husband I'm suicidal last night. AMA
Your doctor asks if you're suicidal.
Does anyone else feel depressed constantly but not at all suicidal?
I feel like being both a procrastinator and suicidal kinda just works itself out
TIL Rapper T.I. Has not once, but twice talked suicidal people off the ledge
Firefighter saves a suicidal jumper
[Repost with extra info] If someone comes to you saying that a Swedish study showed that "transition makes people more suicidal than before" or that "trans women have male-pattern criminality and thus rape at the same rate as cis men", show them this interview to Cecilia Dhejne, author of the study
Suicidal Horn
I am scared for my sister [16F] who is morbidly obese and potentially suicidal, parents [45F] [41M] are enablers and in denial. [Update!] [Non-Romantic]
I am Japanese. I am a nice guy. I am depressed, have PTSD, addicted to prescribed drugs and alcohol, and suicidal.
Suicidal Deer.
Suicidal man gets talked to about football and it worked
Reddit, what was the stupidest thing you did as a child?
I'm not suicidal, I don't harm myself, but I don't see the purpose in being alive.
Science AMA Series: We’re the OCD Research Team at New York State Psychiatric Institute/Columbia University Medical Center. We will answer questions about treatment and will demystify any misconceptions you have about Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder!
Early memories of OCD. Weekly discussion thread!
I went 15 whole minutes without acting on any of my OCD compulsions today.
r/OCD- Who are you?
My [25M] wife [25F] of 3 years, together 11, has OCD and I’m thinking of leaving her.
It bothers me that people don't actually understand OCD
Does it piss anyone else off when someone is anal retentive about something totally negligible and they claim it's OCD?
Having trouble with people who call themselves "so OCD" when they are organized
Who else looks back at their childhood and realizes they've always had OCD?
Science AMA Series: We’re the OCD Research and Treatment Team at New York State Psychiatric Institute/Columbia University Medical Center. We will answer questions about the cutting edge research we’ve been doing and treatment options for Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder! AMA
Ron's description of Slytherin's locket perfectly describes my experience with OCD
OCD almost feels like someone is in my head trying to fuck up my life
how would you describe what living with OCD is like?
Does your ocd create bothersome associations?
IAmAn actual OCD sufferer who hates it when you misappropriate the term "OCD" to describe some cutesy personal tic or aesthetic preference.
When people without OCD try and relate to you.....
IAMA 18 year old girl with Shaming OCD, a type of OCD involving uncontrollable, blatantly immoral/inappropriate/unacceptable intrusive thoughts, often violent or sexual in nature. I thought I was an evil psychopath until I received my diagnosis last month, and now I'd like to talk about it. AMA!
Weekly discussion thread: What OCD battles have you won recently?
People treating OCD like a joke
What is your OCD?
Bitchy server with ocd gets served. Quietly and pettily.
IAmA. Someone has medically diagnosed OCD. AMA.
Hi /r/OCD! I'm writing an essay for school about OCD, and I was hoping you could help out with some answers about OCD :)
The positives of OCD?
Anyone else have a lot of regret about their OCD?
There are no OCD "sub types". Only OCD (and llamas).
Scumbag OCD Brain
IamA 25yo Male with Pure Obsessional Compulsive Disorder(the lesser known kind of OCD) AMA
I see a lot of people describing their OCD with acronyms like "HOCD" or terms like "Pure O".  I have no idea what any of these mean, could we put a list together of commonly used acronyms and terms in the OCD community?
OCD be like "this obsession is for real tho"
TIL A man who suffered from extreme OCD attempted suicide by shooting himself in the head...he survived and the bullet lodged in the part of the brain where OCD originates thus curing him.
Thinking about a horror game idea based off my OCD
OCD Focussing On OCD
[kinda spoilers?] Flowey has given a face to my OCD
When my room mate, who claims she is OCD, is only OCD when it involves the actions of others.
I have OCD. I was hospitalized for it. If you're suffering, have hope (and medical insurance).
November 22nd, 2016 - /r/OCD: A support community run by sufferers for sufferers
Do you have a weird OCD habit?
Everyone in my classroom was talking about their "ocds" and when I said I use to wash my hands for 2 hours a day because of mine everyone went silent.
Purely Obsessional OCD
I think I have meta-OCD. I obsess about whether or not every action I take is driven by OCD.
Based on your profession, what's your biggest OCD in FO4?
TIL in the 1980s a man with severe OCD shot himself in the head in an attempt to commit suicide. Instead of killing him, the bullet destroyed the part of his brain that was responsible for his OCD, and he went on to become a straight-A college student five years later.
Can we please get rid of those non-literal OCD posts on this sub?
Reddit, please keep my upvotes divisible by 5 or my edgy OCD will drive me crazy. Also, my OCD is totally real and not at all influenced by the fact that the internet thinks OCD is cool for some reason. Also, autism.
Minecraft OCD: What it is not
How to deal with the phrase "omg I am SO OCD!"?
TIL in the 1980s a man with severe OCD shot himself in the head in an attempt to commit suicide. Instead of killing him, the bullet destroyed the part of his brain that was responsible for his OCD, and he went on to become a straight-A college student five years later .
Fellow OCD Redditors: What actions/objects etc do you have OCD with?
Beat OCD: Top Tips and Resources
Does anyone else laugh at how silly their OCD can be sometimes?
Working out anger with the overused "I'm SO OCD"
Machine gun OCD
My OCD brother and his 2013 Focus
What gives you the power to fight OCD? Has anyone overcome OCD?
This is a drawing I recently did.....pretty much sums up how my OCD makes me feel.
What's your take on the nature of your OCD?
Do people without OCD think different than people with such condition?
OCD and Borderlands
OCD in your childhood
Ending a relationship due to OCD
OCD is a disorder powered by it's host. This is the best way to get over it.
What's the strangest form of OCD you've heard of or had?
TIL in the 1980s a man with severe OCD shot himself in the head in an attempt to commit suicide. Instead of killing him, the bullet destroyed the part of his brain that was responsible for his OCD, and he went on to become a straight-A college student five years later.
Should OCD be fought or given in to?
OCD
Girlfriend w/OCD = Sex Problems. Reddit, please help!
Have you ever lived with OCD for so long that you feel that your OCD is "you" and that it is normal?
Matrix Morpheus on the OCD stereotype
QoL Wishes from an Mildly OCD Guardian
This is my wife's actual OCD medication.
Can you pinpoint what started your OCD? Also- non stereotypical symptoms?
The Worst Part of OCD
What is your OCD's name?
When people say "I'm so OCD"
Your thoughts on perfectionism? Possibly a form of ocd?
A realization I had about medication for OCD.
Coping with OCD without medication
[CB] Item Filter helps my OCD
[Friends] Monica Geller developed OCD (& possibly infertility) after losing weight
I've been fighting OCD since I was 12 and the only drug that cures it is illegal.
Has anyone had OCD about religion?
Diagnosed with OCD. What a relief.
Anyone else doubt his OCD ?
Does OCD ever feel like addiction?
Got medicine for OCD today...
Does anyone have religious OCD?
OCD is evil, but lets talk about the positive things about our OCD :)
A man with OCD recites a poem about his one true love. It's heartbreaking.
I actually like how OCD is misunderstood by the general public because I feel like if people know about my OCD then they're less likely to view me as downright insane
I started a new OCD website: OCD.community
Why Those With OCD Rarely Seek Help
My [17F] little brother [14M] is acting strange and has become a clean freak and extremely afraid of germs, I think he's using some kind of chemicals in his room. I'm worried, I think he could have OCD.
People treating OCD as a joke or quirk
Has anyone here made their OCD public to all their family and friends? How did it go for you?
OCD is Ruining my Life
what "Pure-O/R/H/P/B/D OCD" all have in common and why i think that we should drop all the prefixes.
"You don't have OCD"
I did something today I haven't done in years because of my ocd
What is your motorcycle OCD?
Miyazaki on dark souls being compared to Zelda "i feel deeply unworthy of the comparison"
CMV: I think American society has shown itself to be unworthy of the right to bear arms.
[Comics] Thor- What's Actually Unworthy?
Just played vs. Kuxir. He made me realize i´m unworthy
(Spoilers All)Robert Baratheon the Unworthy
Rule #11 in Monopoly. Rule #1 at the FED
Unworthy Thor Theory
Does anyone else feel like they're unworthy of being loved because of their illness?
Kazakus should say "Unworthy" when played while your deck has duplicate
If she doesn't worship the ground you walk on and consistently bring value to your life SHE IS COMPLETELY UNWORTHY of a relationship. The thing you gotta realise about women: It doesn't matter how unworthy of your commitment they are, they'll still try HUSTLE & STRONG ARM YOU INTO IT!
It is but an idle waste of time to celebrate the memory of the dead unless we, the living, in our lives strive to show ourselves not unworthy of them - Teddy R.
Did Marvel ever explain what made Thor unworthy?
Is Vision Now Unworthy?
Swing State Papers Flock to Obama, Deem Romney Unworthy of Presidency
What truly makes Rick Santorum an unworthy candidate for President
so... the Unworthy Thor uni makes no sense
Finally! What Fury whispered to Thor to make him unworthy. Unworthy Thor #5
How many of you feel unworthy of being in love?
When the Lord Deems You Unworthy
Justin Trudeau says Harper's pandering to fears of Muslims unworthy of a PM
A subreddit that chooses one random and unworthy reddit comment, then the subscribers upvote it and act as if it was a really interesting/helpful comment.
Brigham Young: Better to help 9 unworthy beggars to help 1, than to deny help to all
Family book of Mormon asks you to single out inactive and unworthy members of the family. WTF
I really like Thor's decision in Unworthy Thor #5
Was cleaning out my storage unit and it brought back alot of good memories
The Unseen (The Unworthy Thor #1)
When is one unworthy of assistance?
A Sudden Spoiling causes /r/magicTCG to Drown in Sorrow and burn with the Anger of the Gods as Wizards of the Coast causes a Fall of the Hammer (the banhammer) on some Judge(s) Unworthy
TIL that in 1947 James Hanes of the Hanes brand, helped to sterilize over 7,600 people in North Carolina because they were deemed "unworthy of having children". 
Arclight Vayne strikes down the unworthy
David Mitchell is over the genre wars: “Confining an entire genre as being unworthy of your attention is a bizarre act of self-harm”
"A lot of men grow up brainwashed into believing the feminists' and tradcons' propoganda that men are second class unworthy servants or that we are dangerous time bombs."
If heaven is forever and there is a precidence for large numbers of angels to deem God unworthy of worship and relocate to hell, what will God do when everyone is in hell?
[OC] Snowy area for Unworthy
Feeling unworthy
Namor vs Unworthy Thor
Can we please stop bestofing unworthy comments just for karma?
Merkel Tells Germans Refugee Crisis Is Unworthy of Europe
Florida Tourist Traps, scams and unworthy spots.
Adults of reddit, what makes you unworthy of the title "adult"?
I Was Right To Be Afraid (The Unworthy Thor #2)[SPOILERS]
"The sins of the unworthy..."
This is how Thor will look after he is deemed Unworthy.
IT'S MARCH. FADE THE FLAIRS OF THE UNWORTHY.
Recommendation; Unworthy Odinson costume
Perhaps I Am Afraid(The Unworthy Thor #4)[SPOILERS]
Unworthy Thor Spoiler?
An Unworthy Superman V.S. Mjölnir
Justin Trudeau says Harper's pandering to fears of Muslims unworthy of a PM
I don't get this sub sometimes.
Loophole of the Unworthy {New Avengers #27}
Did we ever find out what made Thor unworthy?
Hillary Clinton’s Benghazi chapter: “I will not be a part of a political slugfest on the backs of dead Americans. It’s just plain wrong, and it’s unworthy of our great country. Those who insist on politicizing the tragedy will have to do so without me.”
HIFW people on FB say a woman is "unworthy" to be Thor
Unworthy Thor discussion
Harbor 63, chaps
T2 Unworthy Thor - Character Guide/Review
Anyone else feels that it's hard to make friends because you have nothing to say?
And the lord saith to me; "You are unworthy."
Unworthy #5 to reveal what made Odinson unworthy
Does Thor have powers when he's unworthy on his hammer?
we are veiled for we are unworthy for the all masters eyes.
Hungary has accused the Austrian chancellor of making comments unworthy of a 21st century leader after he described the country's asylum seeker policies as reminiscent of Nazi-era Germany.
iPhone 7 Plus user here: just used the Pixel at a Verizon store and now I want to switch to Android
GUIDE TO BECOME ALPHA AS F*CK!
1000 Ways to Die is a horrible TV show
Tsareena stepping on an unworthy cock
Unworthy Thor
(Spoilers everything) I might have figured out what Jon Snow's last name going to be
What Made THOR Unworthy? Answer Coming In March According to AARON
Runnin' from the deMIL! Small rant, BEC, BRING IT!!
After the Cyclops debacle, I'm dreading the reveal of what Fury whispered to Thor that made him unworthy
When you try to put Nebby in an unworthy bag
Put your unexpired temple recommend to good use. Summertime is a busy time for weddings. If you have a valid temple recommend that you don't plan on using anytime soon, consider mailing it to to me so I can help more "unworthy" members attend the temple sealing of a loved one. PM me for details.
My first stop after getting off the plane in Sacramento
We may see the world in color, but for a long time the world of "serious" photography dismissed it as an unworthy commercial cousin. Meyerowitz challenged that - toting two cameras with which he shot nearly identical scenes in black and white and color. Things changed, and how.
Reefkeeping: What's "Tried and True"? What's "Snake Oil" or "Unworthy"?
I am her vessel, her puppet, her unworthy subject
Tomorrow in Unworthy Thor #5 We Finally Find Out Why He's Unworthy
What happens when someone who is "unworthy" ordains, gives a blessing, goes to the temple, etc? Does it count?
Trudeau: Harper's Pandering To Anti-Muslim Fears Unworthy Of A Prime Minister
(Spoilers Main) I'm confused about Aegon the Unworthy
in the silence he waits until at last I am his. How his filth adorns my flesh. I am unworthy. I am unworthy. I am unworthy I am
What are some of the good movies that have been rated 'rotten'?
Bruno Lüdke: Germany's worst serial killer during the Weimar Republic and The Third Reich - who actually never killed a single person
I know longer desire porn and here is why...
Hillary unworthy to be first female president: Ms. Clinton's inglorious years as secretary of state were an unmitigated disaster for women — just ask those women who have survived the horrific American "interventions" and "regime changes"
My Wife likes crafts, I like DayZ, Success!
Stop telling me I'm unworthy!
Small note about unworthy thor, he can now kill thor
Unworthy man baptizes you, is it valid?
[Marvel]Could I trap someone by placing Mjolnir(Thor's hammer) on top of them?
What steps can I take to stop feeling ashamed and unworthy whenever I find myself attracted to a woman?
Unworthy Thor is basically Future Finn
(Age of Ultron) The reason Cap couldn't lift Mjolnir
Mindless Monday, 24/3
Dark Souls creator talks Zelda, "feels unworthy" of comparison
An Unworthy Ally: Time for Washington to Cut Pakistan Loose
[S4E9] The Night's Watch makes me wanna cry
Unworthy Clothing... Xpost
A note on discrimination and language 
My company takes discrimination seriously
Same-sex couples discount from a photography place. I call it discrimination, she calls it affirmative action. CMV please.
[Misc.] [History professor claims historical discrimination against the Irish is a myth. A high-school student proved him wrong with simple research.
is this not discrimination?
CMV: If charging women more for health insurance for no other reason than they are female is discrimination, then charging men more for car insurance for no other reason than that they are male is also discrimination.
CMV: LGBT-only schools are not a step in the right direction; they will not help tackle discrimination, only create a sense of "otherness"
Forbes removes article that argued the Tech Industry does NOT have "diversity crisis" - Forbes claims "discrimination" as reason [SocJus]
[Goal] Report XOXO fest for violations of anti-discrimination law.
A kind-of long history of racial discrimination in America for redditors
Members of a group that sued Hollywood for gender discrimination hold an /r/IAmA. The entire thread is a trainwreck.
[EU] You are a nonbender, from the Avatar Universe. Tell us of the daily discrimination of benders toward you.
Dear feminists, you having privilege is not discrimination against women, it's just privilege.
What are our views on positive discrimination/affirmative action?
﻿ Leaked Draft of Trump’s Religious Freedom Order Reveals Sweeping Plans to Legalize Discrimination. Would You Support This?
Bot tournament casters - perpetuating discrimination...
Gender discrimination at the Gym [question]
ELI5: Why are non-discrimination laws seen as a threat to religious freedom?
I just want to say, on behalf of /r/radiohead, to all Muslim Radiohead fans facing bullshit accusations and discrimination right now: الله بحبك ويبقيك في امان ⁦‪
Yahoo sued over male discrimination
How likely is it will the Supreme Court rule that Title IX protects transgender people from discrimination on the grounds of it being sex discrimination?
31% of Americans feel there is a lot of discrimination against Atheists.
Is Leigh Alexander engaging in racial/gender based discrimination?
Bacon church draws 7 national secular groups to Las Vegas to protest Wells Fargo discrimination against atheists
Being a Brony: The discrimination I encountered in the fandom of friendship
Waterslide weight limits are discrimination
At what point does a "preference" simply become discrimination"?
age discrimination for sysadmins?
Do you often face discrimination/anti-christian sentiment on Reddit?
CMV: freedom from discrimination due to sexual preference ought to have a higher priority than freedom from discrimination due to religion
We are members of the "Original Six," the director/filmmaker-activists who founded a women's committee in the '70s and sued two Hollywood studios for gender discrimination in the '80s. AMA!
Why do people FUCKING laugh it off when atheists are the target of discrimination?
What is your PVP discrimination?
50 years ago, MLK marched against segregation and racial discrimination. Today, BLM marches in favor of segregation and racial discrimination with no sense of irony.
What are some subtle forms of discrimination that you thinks affect people?
﻿Leaked Draft Of Trump’s Religious Freedom Order Reveals Sweeping Plans to Legalize Discrimination
The problem with controlling for "all other factors" when looking at pay discrimination
ELI5: Positive Discrimination in the US and how it is positive.
Former Disney IT Workers Claim Discrimination In Lawsuit
DON'T FORGET: Trump sued Palm Beach to stop discrimination against African Americans and Jews in clubs in 1997.
Trump continues to enforce Obama's Anti-Discrimination LGBTQ order [Open Discussion]
Should descendants of slaves be able to get reparations? Should racial minorities get reparations to make up for the discrimination that endured after slavery and segregation ended?
REMINDER: Trump proposed amending the 1964 Civil Rights Act to include a ban of discrimination based on sexual orientation.
FBI releases files on Trump apartments' race discrimination probe in '70s
Obama warns: Discrimination against Muslims helps ISIS
Discrimination
"I'm not on the internet, that's discrimination!"
Yahoo sued over employee rankings, anti-male discrimination
Declined a job based on non-discrimination policy and overly-religious corporate values
Fuck this colour discrimination in India.
B195 - Sex Discrimination (Sex Discrimination) Act 2002 Repeal Bill
Disney To Boycott Georgia If Gov. Signs Anti-Gay Discrimination Bill
The best way to tell someone you just met that you like them, is to tell the police he raped you. And yell fat discrimination
I am so ashamed of our state's decision on SB 1062. Please help us show Jan Brewer that we do not want this kind of discrimination in our state by signing this petition. (xpost r/politics)
Its not the gender discrimination against men that bothers me. Its that its never acknowledged
Can we talk about discrimination inside the (usually spectacular) community?
Do you think there is any discrimination against men?
"We've gotten rid of discrimination in our western countries" - Jontron (and 30+ quotes from the Destiny debate)
The Trumpets consider taking reddit to court for "discrimination".
Paul Ryan Is Defending Trump's Discrimination. He Is an Embarrassment.
Discrimination
Salesforce CEO: "Today we are canceling all programs that require our customers/employees to travel to Indiana to face discrimination."
Sources: Trump executive order allowing anti-LGBTQ discrimination is coming soon
South Dakota Becomes First State In 2017 To Pass Law Legalizing Discrimination Against LGBT People
It's discrimination to say "no"
"Feministe" article compares fat shaming with Orwell's book "1984." I point out that acording to feminist theory, fat people cannot be victims of discrimination because congress is fatter (26lbs) and wider (4in) than average. Deleted.
Is Having Women-Only Hours at the Gym Discrimination?
Discrimination in Edmonton?
Discrimination against men? Sexist double standards [x-post from r/rage]
Guilty until proven innocent- Discrimination of Males
UN denounces Trump's travel ban as 'mean-spirited' and illegal under human rights law - 'Discrimination on nationality alone is forbidden under human rights law'
discrimination
Some discrimination to start the day
As a woman, I'd like to express my support for this subreddit, and its parent organization. I've first-hand witnessed discrimination toward men.
Some discrimination to start the day
That's discrimination.
Discrimination - Skyrim Style
now if a male tries to protect himself from false sexual harassment/assault claims from women by never being alone with female underlings, it is discrimination
are libertarians for private sector discrimination?
Landlord not renewing leases for ~7 senior tenants, but is renewing all under-30 tenant's leases. Is this age discrimination? [Colorado]
@SenSanders on Twitter: "We cannot sanction racism, sexism, homophobia and other forms of discrimination under the guise of "religious freedom."
Nike to release a sports hijab to fight "discrimination" against Muslims. ISN'T A HIJAB A FORM OF DISCRIMINATION AGAINST WOMEN?!?! AM I GOING CRAZY HERE?!?!?!
Response to D.O. surgeon discrimination
Jeb Bush Says Same-Sex Couples Can't Provide Loving Families, Believes in Legalizing Discrimination
Oh it's discrimination alright...
Hardware Discrimination
I believe that Arizona's "Gay Discrimination" bill provides a reasonable protection to business owners, and I don't believe that any private business should be forced to provide service to someone they don't want to. CMV.
It's discrimination to not fuck a guy in a wheelchair [x-post r/justneckbeardthings]
Infographic of discrimination against atheists.
LIBERAL HEADS EXPLODE: President Trump to enforce Obama's LGBTQ anti-discrimination order
IAmA former shift manager at a very prestigious health/tennis club. We've dealt with coke in the lockers, sex in the hot tubs, lawsuits over discrimination, arresting a murderer and tons of other crazy shenanigans. AMAA.
CEO of Reddit just called us 'toxic users' and a 'poorly behaving community', threatened an 'outright ban', imposed more discrimination against our posts reaching /r/all BUT still allow pedophiles a safe space to share their demonic fantasies with each other
CMV: Affirmative action is a fancy term for discrimination
White House: Trump will leave intact Obama's 2014 order that protects LGBTQ federal workers from discrimination.
Gay, white professor sues historically black university for discrimination
A gay couple has been detained by Moscow police in Russia after leaving flowers and a sign with "Love wins" written on it outside the US embassy. Russian law bans protests over gay rights, and LGBT people in the country suffer severe discrimination and homophobia.
Do you believe that religion should be given the same status as race, gender, sexual orientation, etc. in anti-discrimination laws?
How can the Indiana and Arkansas laws be "fixed" to disallow discrimination?
I need to fire a 70 year old employee because she can't keep up with the changing demands of the job. Is this age discrimination? (Tn)
White Evangelicals Believe They Face More Discrimination Than Muslims
Two Chicagoans die in an unfortunate car wreck.
Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events - Series Premiere Discussion
Unfortunate Sivir Typo
Hey Reddit, what's one unfortunate thing you've realized or learned about life as you have gotten older?
/r/games moderation responds about removal of TotalBiscuit threads. "In the end we came to a consensus that while the news is unfortunate, he is not enough of an industry figure to warrant this news being on /r/games." (Old thread got deleted)
Netflix's A Series of Unfortunate Events receiving Rave Reviews - Be Sure to Check it out Jan. 13 [All]
Would you like to see a sequel to "A Series of Unfortunate Events"?
Hi reddit, what are some of the most unfortunate names of people you know?
What is the WORST/UNFORTUNATE name you've ever heard a Filipino use for his/her child?
Netflix's "A Series of Unfortunate Events" is filling the "Pushing Daisies" void I forgot I had.
Gropey's unfortunate nickname
Season XVII: "Unfortunate Souls" (Player Vs Player duels shown by both perspectives)
Who has the most unfortunate name that you know of?
Season XXI: "Unfortunate Souls" (PVP duels shown by both perspectives)
[Question] Double penetration with toys and my girlfriend's unfortunate new favorite thing
Girlfriend's account of the story about woman holding an orange. Also, an unfortunate update.
what is the most unfortunate name you have ever heard?
Very unfortunate time to blink with white mascara
Unfortunate
Terrible news: Netflix has renewed A Series of Unfortunate Events for a second season
Unfortunate bush placement
(Spoilers All) An unfortunate reality for Bran
My Grandpa Had An Unfortunate Name
Unfortunate for him
Such an unfortunate view
Photo of the unfortunate mining accident.
A Series of Unfortunate Events Teaser: Meet Count Olaf
Unfortunate incident at walmart
JFK - Nothing More Unfortunate Than Fat Children
Unfortunate Graduation Picture...
Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events | Official Trailer.
An unfortunate game of Countdown, it's hilarious.
I see your most unfortunate elementary and high school teachers, and raise you my MOST unfortunate college professor name.
Unfortunate bush placement
An Unfortunate Biker
I see your most unfortunate high school teacher name, and raise you a most unfortunate elementary school teacher name.
Quite the unfortunate mix up.
Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events teaser drops! Coming to Netflix in 2016!
Unfortunate Headlines: Serena Williams attacks North Korea
A Series of Unfortunate Events: Netflix Series to Begin Filming
My home town paper, an unfortunate fold
Slightly unfortunate pizza box design
Netflix Adapting Lemony Snicket's 'A Series of Unfortunate Events' Into a Series
The design of my JFK coin bank used an unfortunate spot for the coin slot
Having a creative password is really unfortunate. Because as much as you want to, you can't tell anyone about it.
Unfortunate car name is unfortunate.
An unfortunate email subject
Unfortunate bush placement
An unfortunate and eye-opening experience at the doctor's office last night.
What real organization has a very unfortunate acronym?
Unfortunate juxtaposition at my university
An unfortunate word on Countdown, left Rachel Riley red-faced.
50 Unfortunate Truths About Investing (x-post from r\investing)
Very unfortunate time to blink
Unfortunate tattoo placement in an engagement pic (x-post r/Facepalm)
MMA fighter with an unfortunate name, resulting in hilarious commentary
Just a heads up, A Series of Unfortunate Events premieres tomorrow on Netflix
This cable looks important. It would be unfortunate if something had to happen to it.
Netflix to adapt Lemony Snicket's 'A Series of Unfortunate Events' as Series
An Unfortunate Misunderstanding
Having slept with only two different people, I now have Herpes. What's the (statistically) most unfortunate thing that's ever happened to you?
Lemony Snicket's A Sequel of Unfortunate Events
Never seen this on r/all before, isn't that unfortunate?
I can't help but feel as if a series of unfortunate events led up to this moment. NSFW
Netflix's 'A Series Of Unfortunate Events' Has Cast Neil Patrick Harris as Count Olaf
Netflix's A Series of Unfortunate Event, everyone
Now, to prevent a repeat of last week's unfortunate incident, we are going to add these tires.
That's a pretty unfortunate typo.
Some unfortunate customer told me this at work today
Unfortunate Tire Ad CNN
Popstar and The Nice Guys pretty much shows us why we can't have nice things.
How unfortunate
unfortunate shadow
Sanders Campaign Statement: "It is unfortunate that the media, in a rush to judgement, are ignoring the Democratic National Committee’s clear statement that it is wrong to count the votes of superdelegates before they actually vote at the convention this summer."
Unfortunate chap with 3 extra vertebrate in his neck (sorry if repost, only use mob app)
Unfortunate things happening to little kids
Unfortunate dude picks the wrong time to rob this store
Waffles also had an unfortunate run-in with a bee...
My co-worker's unfortunate name tag.
How unfortunate
Well this was unfortunate precision.
My friend's unfortunate hand placement in his engagement photo.
Lets settle this once and for all. What are your alternative to the 5x/6p due to the unfortunate price tag?
That is an unfortunate placement of text Timehop
My cousin calls it, "The Unfortunate Sneeze"
This jacket has an unfortunate design considering recent events.
Runaway shopping cart kills an unfortunate woman
My moms unfortunate name tag
This kid picked an unfortunate shirt to wear on picture day.
I was searching unfortunate names and came across the best, most awesome name.
Humor is always the best, even in unfortunate circumstances.
Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events | Teaser Trailer [HD] | Netflix
Most unfortunate name award goes to......
The unfortunate misunderstanding between the master race and the console peasants
Reddit, what is your favourite book series?
Unfortunate Things Happening To Little Kids [GIF Album]
[NSFW] What are the most unfortunate names of people you know?
Jeff Weaver: It is truly unfortunate that the largest pro-Clinton super PAC has decided to infect the democratic primary process with its haul of Wall Street cash.
My unfortunate friend just won a raffle at a local fundraiser.
My animal rescue just got the most unfortunate looking dog ever. He's my new favorite.
Former drug dealer signing off
AirsoftGI Josh Signing Off For The Last Time.
Signing off! Thanks for the thrills, guys :)
I’m American citizen, undecided voter, loving husband Ken Bone, Welcome to the Bone Zone! AMA
We are L.A. Times journalists investigating OxyContin. We’re back with new reports on how the drug that set off America’s opioid epidemic is now going global. Ask Us Anything.
Signing off a small measure.
I Am Jamie Hyneman from MythBusters, AMA.
Proof: https://twitter.com/JamieNoTweet/status/253561532317851649



Why are starfish literally ripping themselves apart off the Pacific Coast? We’re an environment journalist and a diver/videographer reporting on the mysterious disease. Ask us anything.
Signing off of JSA with no job? [advice needed]
TIL Orson Wells's office was secretly bugged. Orson acknowledged the room was bugged and would greet the room upon arrival and farewell upon leaving as if he was on a radio show. "This is Orson Wells signing off."
i'm signing off...
I am Dr Jordan B Peterson, U of T Professor, clinical psychologist, author of Maps of Meaning and creator of The SelfAuthoring Suite. Ask me anything!
I am Rivers Cuomo from weezer. AMA.
Signing off for 2016, looking forward to 2017- and thanks. :)
Red Leader signing off
We are Rhett and Link, creators of Good Mythical Morning and the new YouTube Red Series "Buddy System." ASK US ANYTHING!
What has been the most underrated off-season move?
Title: Jill Stein Answers Your Questions!
As requested, I am a female who was kidnapped and left for dead by a stranger on my eleventh birthday. AMA. 
We are part of Bernie’s Iowa campaign team working to make sure he wins the Iowa caucus on February 1st. AUA.
I’m ultra runner Karl Meltzer. Last week I broke the Appalachian Trail thru-hike record after running 2,190 miles in 45 Days, 22 Hours and 38 minutes. AMA.
We are Kevin Westgarth, David Backes, and Mathieu Schneider, current and former NHL players, AMA
We are ACLU lawyers. We're here to talk about policing reform, and knowing your rights when dealing with law enforcement and while protesting. AUA
I am the guy who hits circles with wood for the band Mastodon
I am Astronaut Scott Kelly, currently spending a year in space. AMA!
"We are the studio behind Robot Chicken, Stoopid Buddy Stoodios. Ask Us Anything!"
IamA creator of the TV show "Community" AMA
"F-List" Actor here. I gave Tina Fey a high five, and flashed my tits on Workaholics. AMA!
I AM PUSHA T.. ASK ME ANYTHING! 4PM EST Today
I am Bill Nye, CEO of The Planetary Society, joined by our embedded reporter Jason Davis. We're test-launching a solar sailing spacecraft next week. Ask Us Anything!
TIL CNN's founder Ted Turner, at the launch of the channel in 1980, promised: "We won't be signing off until the world ends. ... We'll be ... covering it live. ... [And] when the end of the world comes, we'll play 'Nearer My God to Thee' before we sign off."
IAm Rob Zombie, musician and writer/director of The Lords of Salem. AMA!
Bassnectar's First AMA
IAm the Editor in Chief at Rotten Tomatoes.  AMA
Science AMA Series: I'm Michael Eriksen, I study why people use e-cigs and other novel tobacco and nicotine products, as well as conventional cigarettes. AMA.
Signing Off...
We are Mr. Trash Wheel and Professor Trash Wheel. We eat MILLIONS of pounds of trash in Baltimore's Inner Harbor.
We are investigative reporters working on a series of stories about "Outrageous Government Conduct" (a.k.a. entrapment; think: Fake bombs, fake drugs and confidential government informants breaking the law). Ask us about Outrageous Government Conduct or anything else criminal justice-related.
IamA Author, Viking expert, and speaker at the International Medieval Congress in Leeds AMA!
They're at it again boys! Hold your accounts tight!
NASA AMA: We are expanding the first human-rated expandable structure in space….AUA!
We are the creators of The Inbetweeners – ask us anything!
I am Ruben Fleischer, the director of the upcoming film GANGSTER SQUAD  starring Sean Penn, Ryan Gosling, Emma Stone, Josh Brolin and Nick Nolte) I also directed ZOMBIELAND and 30 MINUTES OR LESS, among others.
Ask Me Anything….

I am a family physician and professor of public health, and an expert on the ACA aka Obamacare, ask me anything!
IAm Richard Linklater, director of Before Midnight. AMA!
You younger pedes may not know, but TV stations used to stop airing during the night. When they did, they signed off playing our national anthem. I'm signing off T_D for the night, and I leave you with this. Today was one awesome day America!
IAmA WW2 (Ex-)POW: I flew from Italy and was shot down on my 10 mission.
We're spacesuit experts from the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum. Ask us anything!
IamA a Microsoft employee who has worked on Windows 7 and 8. I've been to BillG's residence. AMAA
We are Blue Origin Software Engineers - We Build Software for Rockets and Rocket Scientists - AUA!
Science AMA Series: I’m Dr. Susan Hyman of the University of Rochester Medical Center. I’ve been studying Autism Spectrum Disorder and treating children with ASD for three decades. Ask me anything!
Troy Aikman sounds off on Fox Sports signing Skip Bayless
IAm Jason Morgan, VP of Engineering at Correlated Magnetics. We invented Polymagnets (recently on Smarter Every Day), Ask me and my team anything!
Science AMA series: Hi, I’m Amy Smith, graduate student at Tufts University. I study stress and memory, and recently published a paper in Science showing that taking practice tests leads to better memory recall, especially under stress, than traditional “studying.” Since it’s almost exam time, AMA!
We are ACLU lawyers and Nick Merrill of Calyx Institute. We’re here to talk about National Security Letters and warrant canaries, because Reddit can’t. AUA.
Science AMA Series: I’m Dr. John Bisognano, a preventive cardiologist at University of Rochester, N.Y. Let's talk about salt: What advice should you follow to stay or get healthy? Go ahead, AMA.
I'm Richard Kirkendall, founder & CEO of Namecheap (The EFF-supporting registrar), AMA
Science AMA Series: I’m Ying-Hui Fu, I study the genetics of sleep at UCSF. My lab discovered a gene that makes some people more efficient sleepers, needing only 4-6 hours per night. AMA!
American Chemical Society AMA: I am Robin D. Rogers, Professor of Green Chemistry at McGill University. Ask me anything about sustainable chemistry and crystal engineering!
We're Vincent D'Onofrio and Charlie Cox from DAREDEVIL. AUA.
We are the LIGO Scientific Collaboration, and we have made the first direct detection of gravitational waves and the first observation of two black holes merging. Ask us anything!
Science AMA Series: We are Drs. James Lee and Jenn Kuo, Endocrine Surgeons, and Dr. Salila Kurra, Endocrinologist, at Columbia University’s Thyroid Center. Let’s talk thyroid. Ask us anything!
IamA discoverer of the world's newest named mammal, olinguito -- AMA! (Today at noon EDT)
Science AMA series: I’m Tristram Smith, Ph.D., of the University of Rochester Medical Center. It’s Autism awareness month, so I’m here to dispel some myths about Autism. Ask me anything!
Move over, Hollywood. We are Roberto Furfaro and Gene Giacomelli, the NASA-funded scientists who built the REAL "The Martian" food-growing system.
We just broke a world record at the Large Hadron Collider, for the highest-energy human-made particle collisions. We're one step closer to physics data collection at 13 TeV. Ask us anything about what's in store at this new energy frontier.
I am Adam Davidson, a staff writer at The New Yorker. In my latest story for the magazine, I investigated the construction of a Trump hotel in Baku, Azerbaijan. Ask Me Anything!
HonorTheCall Signing off :)
Hi, I'm Rush Holt. I'm a member of Congress, a candidate for Senate, and an astrophysicist. AMA!
I am Tom Poetter, Democratic challenger to Speaker John A Boehner in Ohio's District 8. AMA.
IamA Syrian immigrant in Germany, AMA!
I am Victoria Atkin, I play Evie Frye in the game Assassin's Creed Syndicate, Ask Me Anything!
Science AMA Series: I'm Stephen Morse, a Professor of Epidemiology at Columbia University’s Mailman School of Public Health. I work to understand the factors leading to emerging infectious diseases like Zika, and can answer your questions on the current outbreak. AMA!
We are Julian Assange, Sarah Harrison, Renata Avila and Andy Müller-Maguhn of the Courage Foundation AUA
Day 17. Morale is low.
We are NCAA.com bracket specialists. Ask us anything about March Madness history or picking your bracket.
We’re flight controllers in NASA’s ISS science command post - Ask Us Anything
We are SaveTheInternet.eu: activists fighting for Net Neutrality in Europe. AUA!
I am a convicted rapist, released one year ago today AMA
I'm Karen Kwiatkowski -- running for the Virginia's 6th District seat against Bob Goodlatte, entrenched RINO and SOPA cosponsor.  AMA
We are Alexis Krauss and Derek Miller of Sleigh Bells. Ask us anything.
IamA Blind Canadian who now has some vision because of a 'Bionic Eye'. AMA!
I'm a scientist working on the next mission to Mars (MAVEN) which launches on Monday. It'll investigate the missing Martian atmosphere. AMA!
I am "STEVE HOLT”! (Justin Grant Wade) Ask me anything. 
IamA Neuroscientist who studies how cannabis interacts with opioids… AMA!
We are NASA astronomers at NASA’s Marshall Space Flight Center. Ask Us Anything about this weekend’s Taurid Meteor Swarm!
Science AMA Series: We recently published a manuscript that showed modern humans had sex with Neandertals approximately 100,000 years ago, which is ~50,000 years earlier than previously known human/Neanderthal interactions. Ask Us Anything!
I lost my baby. Signing off.
Hi Reddit! I'm Jarett Cale, AKA "Jeremy" from Pure Pwnage. AMA!
Follow- up: Recovering from a breast reduction. AMA. (NSFW)
Nearly 70% of America's kids read below grade level. I am Dr. Michael Colvard and I teamed up a producer from The Simpsons to build a game to help. AMA!
Science AMA Series: I'm Dr. Yogi Goswami, a solar energy scientist and inventor, currently developing the world’s first molecular air purifier, AMA!
IAmA Naked News anchor who writes a segment called the Naked Nerd.  I've been pregnant on air, and just shot a docuseries based on Naked News.  AMA
We're nuclear engineers and a prize-winning journalist who recently wrote a book on Fukushima and nuclear power. Ask us anything!
AskScience AMA Series: We’re a team of researchers who’ve created a tool to estimate the greenhouse gas emissions of different oils around the world. AUA!
The Koch brothers have pledged to spend $889M on 2016 races. We are the watchdog group tracking ALL money in politics. We're the Center for Responsive Politics, AMA!
IamA Greens Senator - AMA about digital rights or anything really
Good morning/afternoon/evening REDDIT, I’m Colin Meloy and I play in the band the Decemberists. AMA!
We're Psyonix, Developers of Rocket League! Ask us anything!
I am Corinne W., Executive Director of Girl Develop It, and I've Helped 60,000 Women Learn to Code, AMA
If she dies, I want to see Kylo lose his shit over Leia's death.
Raped and Sold by my mom, Now she's pregnant and I want to die. (She's Being prosecuted)
I want to die, but I don't want to kill myself. Please share your thoughts and opinions. 
My husband was just diagnosed with Brain cancer. He just turned 30. I want to die.
I was sexually assaulted Friday night, now my bf won't speak to me. I'm so hurt and I just want to die.
I Want To Die But I Don't Want To Commit Suicide
"Do you want me to die? I HAVE HEART COMPLICATIONS."
I am very religious. I want to die. But I will not 'off' myself. Lets talk.
I am very religious. I want to die. But I will not 'off' myself. Lets talk.
"BEFORE I DIE I WANT TO..."
I'm 15 years old and 300 pounds. Any advice is very appreciated. I don't think I can deal with this anymore, and I don't want to die like this.
Finish this sentence: Before I die I want to _________.
I always want to die immediately after having a fun night.
I [22/f] am in a toxic relationship with my boyfriend [24/m] of 1 year. I am also dying of cancer. I don't want to leave him because I don't want to die alone
MY FILES ARE MISSING I WANT TO DIE
I closed the elevator door on a toddler and his dad :(
It's less that I "want to die". It's more that dying just seems so much less difficult than living.
I want to die on my motorcycle
I don't want SFV to die.
Tonight my house will burn to the ground. Tonight I will die. I just want you to know that it was not your fault.
I'm a computer science major, I'm in the top 10% of students yet all I want is to move to Hawaii, surf amateurishly, have a simple job, play in a local jazz band every Friday night and just smoke pot every other day with my friends. I just don't have balls to do it.
I want to die before my family does. Not because i wanted to, but because i don't want to see them die first.
Get on the point to cause overtime, I don't care if you die.
I want to die starterpack
I don't want to die.
I'm Psychic and I Want to Die
When I die I want to see a mental highlight reel of all the best shots I've made tossing things into trashcans
Based Swede Johan Norberg on Twitter: "When I die, I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like Fidel Castro, not screaming in terror, like his victims."
Preparing for a suicide, but don't actually want to die. I want the relief that will never come.
Update: I (18f) hate my Muslim family ..something happened and my life is ruined. I want to die
This is how I want to die
[Haiku] I want to Die Drive thru
Me [28F] and my fiance [26M] are engaged after dating 8 years but I just want to end it because it's a complete dead bedroom
I want my mother to die.
How do I [29F] tell my boyfriend [32 M] that I'm ready to die??
I want to die because I'm in the wrong body
I want to die?
How I want to die...
How I Want To Die
Reddit, how do you want to die?
"I Have Tinnitus and I Want to Die" (2015) - A woman suffering with tinnitus decides death is the final option
Almost 6 Year-Old "Wants to Die", Wants My Wife and I to Die
PLEASE I NEED HELP, I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO, MY BESTFRIEND RAPED ME, I WANT TO DIE SO BAD
I don't want to die, I don't know whats killing me.
I want to die in space.
Please help me, I really want to die.
I do not like 'Legendary' Effects
How do you want to die?
i got drug tested today and i want to die
I WANT TO DIE
I want to die
I've gone from "I want to die" to "I need to die"
I want to die but I don't want to kill myself
I have cancer and am probably going to die within the next 6 months. I have no family and want to leave all of my assets to my friends. Where do I begin?
I have  pancreatic cancer and I am probably going to die. What should I do to prepare for death?
I want to kill myself but can't because I need to play Fallout 4.
I don't want Jerry to die
Before I die, I want to lay on the roof of a car looking up at the stars next to a woman I'm truly happy with... What's something random on your bucket list, reddit?
This is how I want to die.
God punished me because I don't want to have children?
How I want to die
I don't want to kill myself. I just want to die.
TIFU by not wearing any clothes
I'm 14. I want to die.
I want to die like this...
I don't want to die.
I want to die and I'm scared.
PLEASE I NEED HELP, I DONT WANT TO TO DO, MY BESTFRIEND RAPED ME, I WANT TO DIE SO BAD
I don't want to die but I don't really want to live either
Please pray for me, I'm a lesbian and I want a family
This is how I want to die
Siri I want 2 die 👌🔌 ⏳
I'm waiting for my suicide method to kick in. I don't want to die alone. I'm scared. Please talk to me.
I WANT TO DIE
I want to die sober!
I want to die
I want to die but I don't want to kill myself
Me [50 M] with my wife [50 F], 30 years, it all makes sense and I'm crushed
I want to die, but I'm not suicidal.
Before I die I want to _______?
This is how I want to die.
Boyfriend of 3+ years broke up with me because "he doesn't want to die alone"
I screwed up pancakes this morning and now I want to die.
Before I die...
The day I hired a hitman.
I want my boyfriend to hurt me and I would die for him
I need help, or I'm probably going to die. [NSFW]
Etizolam ruined my life and now I want to die
WELP, the honeymoon period is over. I hate myself and I want to die in a metherclear-fueled fire.
TIL that when asked if he deserved the death penalty Ted Bundy said "That’s a very good question. I don’t want to die; I won’t kid you. I deserve, certainly, the most extreme punishment society has. And I think society deserves to be protected from me and from others like me. That’s for sure."
My [28F] fiancé [28M] died in a freak accident this Monday morning. I can't cope with the loss
I can't stand living but I don't want to die
When I die, I want to go out on a flat bed semi.
Live Wrestlemania 28 Discussion Thread! SPOILERS
TIFU by eating 3 boxes of fiber one bars
I want to die.
14 and gay. I have only one friend who I am madly in love with, but I think he's straight. I want to die. Can someone please talk to me?
I was broken up with 2 months ago and I don't feel like life is worth living if I can't be with him. I just want everything to stop. I want to die.
Someone on BabyBumps recommended I share this here: my story about the impact of vaccines.
I'm ready to die today.
Save the Damned
To my housemate who told me not to kill myself.
dad hasn't talked to me in 8 months - letter of apology
CMV: We don't need government and would be better off without one.
My apologies and my regrets
An excerpt from the Moon is a Harsh Mistress that you guys would like
[NSFW] Reddit, what do you think the world would be better off without?
My (M 17) Suicidal GF (16) seems extremely close to finishing everything. Need desperate input.
A friend of mine wanted me to explain depression to him. This is what I plan on sending him. Thoughts?
A conversation on Antinatalism with my father. (For those of you interested in how a conversation with your parents on the subject would be like.)
[sexless marriage] Newly married and my wife drops a bomb
So my relationship is over for good. Could you just be awesome and tell me how better off without him I am? Thanks Reddit :) <3
Why do some people think they would be better off without Autism?
Am I even human?
"If I had to do it all over again, I wouldn't have adopted you. Probably should have just stopped at your sister..."
Feeling like they'd be better off without you
Advice for those who have been dumped.
Updated: I [20M] recently found out my girlfriend of 6 years [19F] has been a cam girl for 9 months to help fund her "education".
Pulled Over By A Demon
CMV: I think I would be better off without a smartphone.
Games That Would be Better Without Specific 
Features and Why
I have no value to anyone or society, I am invisible, I feel like everyone would be better off without me, or at the minimum no worse.
ELI5: Why would a team just cut a player like AJ Hawk or Desean Jackson instead of trading him?
New to open relationship/poly and could really use some advice
I’m glad you have cancer.
Do you think the world would be better off without religion?
I often think of hurting myself and I feel like my husband doesn't care. I just need to vent.
How P4G helped a depressive person regain feelings
Have you ever felt that your loved ones would be better off without you? How did you overcome this feeling?
[EMSK REQUEST]: If you have 3 job interviews lined up, and get offered a job at the 1st one, what can you say to the person making the offer that will let you delay accepting, so you can see if the next interview gives you a better offer, without resulting in this offer being pulled off the table?
I can't help but feel the world would be better off without me
I think it would be better for everyone if I weren't around
F/22 messed up over the course of our relationship and I'm pretty sure my SO (M/22) is leaving me in the morning.
[PI] Ben Isn't Real (Parts 1-4)
I need help.
You can do without me? Get left behind In a huge parking lot.
My love. I'm so sorry to do this.
Would CSGO be better off without skins?
*UPDATE* "I feel Worthless and at the end of my rope as a parent, and that my family would be doing much better without me."
That feeling where people would be better off without you.
If you had to eliminate one country, and add it in to an existing country, which would you eliminate, which one would replace it, and why?
Can you claim to be open-minded, yet believe that the world would be better off without religion?
I guess I've been hiding something from you
Dear abusive ex-gf
Provoked at work. Accepted provocation. Confused, in need of Advil and it's my fault. [With a side of rant]
Who hears knows the best way to... you know end it all?
I (18/f) feel like my boyfriend (19/m) would be better off without me, should I break it off? (very long, I'm sorry)
If you could get rid of some aspect of your personality, what would it be?
Why is Sunfire Cape not a toggled item?
Am I even human? (x-post r/suicidewatch)
I've had a lot on my mind recently.
I just want to be hugged... yet I cant get close to people and vulnerability ends up with you getting hurt ..... I want to have somebody anybody text me or call me and check how I'm doing or feeling .... yet I don't have the obvious necessary conversational or communication skills
The best revenge is living well
Four weeks on Brintellix (vortioxetine) and I'm getting better
I feel Worthless and at the end of my rope as a parent, and that my family would be doing much better without me.
120 ml E juice Giveaway
My experiences with depression. Do you have similar experiences?
Questioning Christian
I'm utterly frustrated
CMV:The world would be better off without the beliefs of gods.
Queens who could've gone without a singing career?
In your opinion: What's the most uplifting song for after a breakup? The message should be somewhat like "you're better off without him/her"
Does anyone actually think that this team would be better without Rivers?
Day 2 non-voluntary. "What are you capable of?"
"I want you to watch me die." - AKA why I wish I had let my ex commit suicide.
Insult me & rip me off? It'll cost you in the long run!
What convinced all these sexist guys that the world would be better off without women?
I think I might be in an abusive relationship with my wife and it's a large part my fault. Could use some advice.
Call me crazy, but I want microtransactions in Diablo 3.
Why does she want to make herself sound good?
"You could at least take 10% off."
Movies that would be better simply by chopping off the last 5/10 minutes.
If you could rewrite part of an anime to make it better, which anime would you choose and what would you change?
[No Spoilers]Does anyone else want Parasite to show up?
Im fucking done with life
Let's be real. The BBEG is the Main Character, help them look the part!
If I do die today, please know that I'm happy, and you can be too.
I was better off by myself, why did I let you in?
I can't decide what to do! Feeling really alone... (Sorry, it's long)
35 M4M [Extreme] I want your cock
Hi, I am a Mom and I'm Breaking
This thread would be better off without the passionate Bernie Supporters
I didn't know where else to post this. Maybe some of you feel/have felt the same way before?
My Grindr hookup took off his condom without asking me. WTF is wrong with people?
"Wouldn't you date your brother if you were younger and you weren't related?" My NMom's weird comment.
My Daughter and Barbie
DAE get even more depressed when you hear people just throw the word depression around
Any misanthropes here?
CMV: We would all be better off without advertisement.
You Are So Much Better Off Without Me
I'm a terrible person, and my family would be better off without me
The lemonade will still taste bad if life gives you 
rotten lemons
In Smash 4, which taunts and you hoping to see again and what new taunts would you like to see?
A single word doesn't tell me what you want
You're better off without me
My wife cheated on me.  I need some perspective. - UPDATE
My wife is still jobless...
I think humankind is essentially cancer, and the world would be better off without people. CMV.
Valid Reasons
Getting over the one whose better off without me...
[Text] Soon I will be gone forever, but that's okay as long as someone reads this
Last Wednesday, after one of the worst days of my life, I rushed to the post office to send my wedding invitations. I went home to see my fiancée in bed with another man. I'm now calling my family and telling them to disregard my letter. Reddit, what's your most horrible moment?
Not going to try and be quiet with your friends at 4am on one of the worst days of my life? I'm not going to try and be quiet when I get up at 730.
Last day at work! I’m officially FIRE today!
The day I hired a hitman. [Part 7. Last update.]
STOP putting children on pharma, how it has ruined my life, leading to suicide
At the end of my junior year I promised I was going to change my life. Here's a transition to my last day of high school.
It's my birthday, here's a photo from my best day of this last year of life!
My dog is going to be put down in a couple of days. What can I do to make it's last days the best days of his life?
[SV] Yesterday was the last day of my life that 3 was the first number on the scale!
It's my last day, what'll you do? Fire me?
The last 365 days of my life.
TIFU by ruining my wedding day and my (supposed to be) wife's teeth.
Last Saturday was the best day of my life.
My real life cake day was last Saturday, and here's how I celebrated.
Being cheated on has destroyed my life.
"For the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: 'If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?' And whenever the answer has been 'No' for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something." -Steve Jobs
The only thought that ran through my brain as I nearly died on my motorcycle...
UPDATE: Me [27 F] with my boss [50s F] crazy, bully, micro-manages me and I think she doesn't want to pay me for this upcoming 3/4 day business trip. HELP.
Molly Malone and her keyhole tattoo
I was a 550 pound man. I've been on a diet for about 43 days, and I've lost about 100 pounds. I don't know why, how it was possible, if its even healthy to lose that much so fast, but here I am. (pictures included.)
The Selection Process
If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?
I am Mr. Trash Wheel, I’m a trash-eatin’ free-wheelin’ trash wheel in Baltimore’s harbor, I’m hosting a special AMA for Earth Day!
Getting rid of painful mouth ulcers FAST.
My landlord destroyed my things and entered w/out notice at least twice before my lease expired - civil max is 3K, I lost more than that. Now what?
After playing Life Is Strange, I feel the sudden desire for having a... soul mate
My daughter made several bothersome drawings this morning, and broke my favorite mug. [UPDATE]
[UPDATE] My [25 M] childhood best friend [25 M] has a week left to live. I don't know what to do
Cutting
I made $320k last year and my so-called perfect life
I just tuned 18 today, and spent my last day as a minor in a Toys R Us. Couldn't be happier.
Had to put down my best friends of fifteen years today
A really sweet tweet by Sasha: "Legitimately felt more beautiful in the last few days than ever in my life."
I'm glad my daughter died.
My First Relationship Was My Craziest Relationship
So, it's been almost 3 months since I took delivery of my iPhone 7 and I couldn't care less about the absence of a headphone jack.
Last customer on my last day
[Android] GoIV - The All In One IV Calculator
Mental Hack I Discovered To Improve My Eye Contact
TIL that Bill Wilson, the co-founder of Alcoholics Anonymous, made demands for whiskey in the last days of his life and became belligerent when he was refused.
Shit Got Real- 42 Day Update
I've been on Ritalin for the last 30 days and my life has completely changed. AMA
I can't live with the crippling regret of wasting the last 6 years of my life
My life as it was is over. I lost it all
TBM Grandpa ruined Thanksgiving (it got weird)
[Advice] The importance of a morning routine, and how it has changed my life.
Today is my last day in the insurance industry. AMA!
Left work last night ready to relax for a few days and ended up losing four hours of my life to driving
Shook Ric Flair's hand today and he made one of the worst days of my life the best days!
Official Academy Award Nominations Discussion
Today is the last day of my life that I will ever have less than $1,000 to my name
THE best day of my life
Reddit, how would you like to die? How would you not like to die?
After spending 15 incredible years with him, today was the worst day of my life. Received his last picture during work before he went to sleep, I couldn't handle how sad he looked. I gave him one last shining moment.
Parents can get better over time. Here's my story for those struggling.
My dad threatened to disown me (30m) for my name change
My Major Victory - Over 150 lbs lost in under 6 months!
My dad died in 2014 and I [F25] cried like a baby in public yesterday night during New Year's countdown. I'm super embarrassed about it.
The rosary is changing my life
For the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: 'If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?' And whenever the answer has been 'No' for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something. ::Steve Jobs
Anyone else "killed" by allergies this weekend?
[X-Post r/progresspics] NSFW Shirtless saggy dude. M 22 6'1 SW 660 CW 285 GW 195. Found actual progress picture from last year around this time, and needed the confidence boost. As well as some random ones.
So I turned 30 today! This will be my last post. Thank you for everything, NoFap community :)
This is my last day as /r/eve Flair Bear
Seth
For all you other ACoN's out there who's N taught you or told you you didn't deserve love outside of the abusive boundaries they created for you... The love of my life is taking me ring shopping tomorrow. :')
I am free. NoFap has saved my life.
Thanks to all the helpful Gymbros out there
[Android] GoIV - The All In One IV Calculator!
...I just became a Neo millionaire instantly.
A $20 a month lifehack I'm using to motivate myself and stay productive
I've spent the last 8 months of my life thinking about a girl who I've never had a conversation with.
Today is the day that I fix my life.
Thank You to DoT for Your Love and Encouragement on One of the Most Important Days of My Life!
Dear Keto,
New Watch Buyers should know,
I slept with my ex-husband last night.
That wasn't my husband who slept next to me last night(FINAL UPDATE)
TIFU by befriending a spider
Last night was the monumental day of my life
"For the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: 'If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?' And whenever the answer has been 'No' for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something." - Steve Jobs
Thank you, Dota 2. I owe you one.
What's going on in your life right now?
I'm tired of having to cripple my phone just so it can last me the whole day.
Revenge is sweetest when it lasts for years
To the stranger in the wal-mart parking lot, thanks for saving my life
I went to a gay bar last night
I found my bottom last night.
Social Skills Tips That helped me a lot.
I'm still making a game in QBASIC and it's called Black Annex
I f*%king ran a mile last night!!!! W4D1
[Tool] Shuffle My Life (Android) - Make any day AWESOME by completing random tasks!
If we're taking a stroll down memory lane: Titty deep powder last season, one of the deepest days of my life.
I want you to stop. I've gone 44 days without PMO and brought on myself a tsunami of new energy.
The case for my first (and last) DUI was closed today. If you think drinking and driving is normal and ok, read this. 
Don't do those cheap drug trials... [Part 1]
This was taken last week on the best day of my life, my first competition - I'm the far left snare :)
What I've Done With My Father's Remains
How Nocturne saved my life
Reddit, it's been one month today since my 12 year old niece committed suicide. I never thought I would be asking you this.
Just had to stop my dad from committing suicide. Reddit I just want to pretend I have friends to turn to.
I don't want to kill myself. I just want to stop existing.
I was sexually assaulted Friday night, now my bf won't speak to me. I'm so hurt and I just want to die.
What does "p a h p i d t i H a m o" mean?
I Want To Die But I Don't Want To Commit Suicide
F4M - Sctript fill - Script by /u/perverted_alt "I Want to be a Suicide Girl!" [LIGHT FEMDOM] [BRATTY] [INCEST] [DADDY/DAUGHTER] [ORAL] [BlOWJOB SOUNDS]
I want to be a suicide girl
If someone wants to commit suicide, why don't we allow them to and then donate their organs to those who want to live?
I'm black with white parents. I also have Cerebral Palsy. #ConstantlyPositive AMA!
I want to kill myself...
I Want This Suicide Saturday to be Amazing.
Am I wrong for thinking that suicide should be a 
fundamental human right?
I wish suicide were easier.
Late night with NBob20 - Leftist therapy session with Sessions
Im living a Catch 22. I don't want suicide, but I don't want to exist
Nmom kicked me out of home at 15 years old feels guilty about it and thinks I should console her
I don't want to commit suicide, but I don't want to live
I want to commit suicide tonight. 27 (almost 28) year old lonely virgin, alone in the weekends, alone in halloween, no one to go back to.
PSA: If you're having suicidal thoughts, please call 1-800-273-8255 first. It's quick and easy and there's no pressure. Just to clarify, I don't actually care about your life, I just want that sweet suicide hotline karma.
Regarding the 183/I35 suicide jumper
UPDATE: Me [24 M], loosing all hope in life. Alarming suicide thoughts keep entering my Brain. What do i do ? Help
I still get letters from my dead best friend.
Tonight I burned my suicide note.
I am a gay, atheist man from Saudi Arabia, and I need help escaping this hellhole.
I'm on the brink of suicide and want to make a last-ditch effort before i end up in a hospital for a long-time. what can i do?
I (21f) had a baby at 18 and I am now in a loveless relationship (22m), in a ton of debt, and am isolated from the world. Bf now wants to join the military and get married. I feel like killing myself every day. Please help.
The only reason I haven't committed suicide yet is the same reason I want to commit suicide.  I'm lazy.
CMV: I believe suicide is ok as long as you're not taking anyone out with you
My dad committed suicide, and I really want a tattoo in his handwriting. This is a sample of it. Someone suggested I post here for help.
I won't ever commit suicide but I want to die
I just want Suicide Squad and Wonder Woman to be good. I just want films that we don't have to spend a week writing essays about why the entire world is wrong about it.
I want to be spared from life, but in order to do that I must face suicide. However, I also want to be spared from suicide. But if I turn from suicide, I’m back to facing life!
My parents and I want to commit suicide together.
I need to share why I've decided to live.
I smoke because I want to commit suicide in an socially acceptable way
When Ysera doesn't want you to win
I want to commit suicide but I'm scared of what will happen.
Is it odd to know I'll commit suicide?
Dear reddit - a lot of posts go on here about people wanting to commit suicide or how their life is lonely, I just want you to know if you need someone to talk to, hit me up. Reddit, I got yo back. 
If I'm holding off on suicide for the sake of others, I feel as if they owe it to me to make me not want to commit suicide
Hi, im one of the 7 billion people on earth. And i want to commit suicide.
Discussion: Why is it "OK" in our society to dislike religions like scientology, but we are not "allowed" to dislike Islam?
I want to commit suicide in order to save innocent people
To those of you that have attempted suicide, I want to hear your story and how things are now. 
Reddit, can I argue a case for my suicide? Or, is it always the wrong decision?
I [19 M] want to break up with my suicidal gf [19] of two years
Me [50F] with my husband [55M], he wants her daughter [21F] out of the house but I fear for her mental health and safety if we go "tough love."
I want to commit suicide
Girlfriend mentioned she wants to be a Suicide Girl.
Dammit Rockstar, give me the option of watching my body ragdoll for awhile after I die
Suicide just seems practical. I am 52. Alone. I can't see the road ahead anymore
Would you give me some advice on suicide? I haven't someone that I can honestly ask about this.
x-post from r/cosplay I did this Harley Quinn (Suicide Squad movie version) cosplay and I want to show you. Hope You like! :)
To those of you that have attempted suicide, I want to hear your story and how things are now.
I'm suicidal, but no help is available to me. Any advice on how to cope would be very very appreciated.
I found out that a kid [22M] I knew in high school tried to commit suicide. I [22F] want to apologize to him for bullying him but my husband [24M] thinks I shouldn't.
I'm just done with life [No-one will read this]
"I am considering suicide is the man boobs don't go."
Throwaways, list EVERYTHING that is wrong with you. I'll start.
I'm looking for a girl I met on Omegle who talked me out of suicide. Where are you Natalie? I want to thank you
Log-book of Social Worker #931
A shipmate just recently commited suicide. I want to ask for a prayer.
[Serious] Parents of children who have committed suicide, could you explain the experience?
Dear Reddit; i want to commit suicide 
Does anyone else fantasize about getting some kind of illness?
Squidward's Suicide... I want to see this episode of Spongebob so bad
Tonight my house will burn to the ground. Tonight I will die. I just want you to know that it was not your fault.
[Exclusive] [Info Dump] "Not so Hot Scope" for Boomerang and Flash' shenanigans in Central City . I want a new Suicide Squad cut for this , please 😂😂
Guy threatens suicide because I don't want to talk to him. Resubmitted with better editing.
I'm holding a gun, and trying to decide if I want to go through with suicide or not.
I want to commit suicide really badly... Help?
 31[M] in a 4 1/2 yr relationship, 1 yr married to 30[F], I want to end our poisonous relationship, but she is suicidal and refuses to let me leave. How do I end this without involving the law? The knife is probably in her hands as I type. (throwaway your downvotes)
[UPDATE] I (37F) broke up with my BF (35M) of almost two years and now he's talking suicide
i just want to die i dont want to commit suicide i just want to die.
Is it still depression if you REALLY want to live... but can't?
I [22F] tried to break-up with boyfriend [M45] of 3 years, but retracted out of fear he would commit suicide
My niece (14) recently attempted suicide. She loves to read and I want to send her a "Welcome Home" gift. Suggestions?
Preparing for a suicide, but don't actually want to die. I want the relief that will never come.
I just found out my friend committed suicide. I'm sad and I'd like a book that I can read and that will make me feel.
My mom has abused me my entire life and continues to. I just want her to stop even if that means death , actually especially if that means killing myself
What my friend did back in high school
Galactic Vapors Black Friday Weekend Long Sale & Suicide Bunny + Cloud Company [Giveaway]! Up to 90% off the years hottest brands
My name is Dustin, and I want to commit suicide tonight.
Me [35M] with my Wife [34F] of 9 years and Sister-in-law [36F]. Wife wants SIL to move in, I want to say no.
Cop here. I have seen a large increase in suicides this year and I don't know why. For my Cake Day I'd like to Ask Reddit to look out for each other and know that there are resources put there if you need them. And to ask Wgat can you do today to save someone's life?
Gay Mormon Suicide
Why I'm not going to kill myself...
I'm waiting for my suicide method to kick in. I don't want to die alone. I'm scared. Please talk to me.
After S3E5 I now feel sorry for Jared / Donald Dunn
Is calling the suicide hotline because I am Asian and being teased a lot by racist people an acceptable reason to call?  They told me it wasn't.
A long overdue update, things are/were crazy and now I'm trying to pick up the pieces best I can
I want to suicide
If You're Reading This, I've Already Committed Suicide.
I've been seeing way to many posts about depression and committing suicide and I want to share how I overcame my struggle I had through my times
Please post every counter-argument to suicide here. I'll use it for a YouTube series.
I'm a complete loser and failure. I want to kill myself.
DAE just wish they could die. Not suicide just want something to happen. Maybe a robber kills you or you get diagnosed with something terminal.
Read sad article about Christian teen committing suicide from secular bullying. I understand now why they want us to stop mocking their beliefs...
[35F] and bf [30M], together 3 years, gets a birthday "surprise" involving his ex. Should I a)have a cat fight, b)dump the dude, or c)untwist my panties from being bunched up over nothing?
In the middle of a really messy divorce, I decided suicide was the only option.
Why did the chicken commit suicide?
I think suicide is my only viable option. Please help
I'm looking for a girl I met on Omegle who talked me out of suicide. Where are you Natalie? I want to thank you
I think suicide is a good way out, CMV
Reddit, if the world went to crap and your only option was Suicide... How would you do it and why?
If suicide and the commitment to live are equally insufficient answers to the meaninglessness of life, then suicide is just as understandable an option as living if someone simply does not like life.
My Thoughts on Suicide
When suicide is the only option.
How to counter Lt. Morales
[Serious] Reddit, I[27F] am ashamed of myself for asking for advice about nullifying my (ex)love marriage. Is suicide an option?
An honest talk about the recent suicides in the city.
I'm leaving society. But not by suicide, by going camping by myself.
My friend attempted suicide. A few weeks later he sent this email. With permission, here it is.
somebody explain to me how suicide isn't my only option.
Reddit, we lost one of our own last Friday
Suicide is my only option
I'm looking for a girl I met on Omegle who talked me out of suicide. Where are you Natalie? I want to thank you
I feel like suicide might be the only option for me.
150 days of NoFap | Why suicide seems to be the best and only option.
Lost weight, spoke out and I'm getting the help I need ... So thank you
I'm in the middle of a really messy divorce, I've decided suicide is the only option.
Society is Increasingly Hostile to Young Men
TvHamm's lair. The "bedroom" at the end of the hallway.
Why is suicide not an option?
No Options.
Yep, I'm alone on valentine's day and am planning suicide. How original
Jesus' last act before death was a sin. He was an imperfect sacrifice.
Is suicide sometimes the only answer?
Sued for HI $35,000 which was terrifying -- he had health insurance. Singer Vic Chesnutt suicides as his only option out.
In the end, suicide seems like the only option
I'm looking for a girl I met on Omegle who talked me out of suicide. Where are you Natalie? I want to thank you
x-post from askreddit. pregnant and can't afford abortion. left with suicide as only option.
Is suicide the only option?
Indie History: Joy Division - Unknown Pleasures
Suicide is the only option.
My friend wants to be roasted. "Make me believe suicide is the only option." I'll feed him what you guys say and tell you what he says back.
Suicide is my only really option...
Honest metal without the theatrics
Skyrim has trolled me. It was fun while it lasted.
Viability of Suicide
What the fuck
Does anyone else want something bad to happen to them so their feelings would be validated
I made a TF2 Config/Script Generator
I feel so depressed because I don't have a personality
Suicide is my only option.
CMV: Suicide is the only logical option for me / someone in my situation.
How Do You Guys Cope? Because I Can't
As someone who has battle depression/anxiety for almost a decade, why is suicide not considered an option?
Guys, I think I fucked up my only chance at something, which might turn out to be my only chance at anything.
have you ever felt like suicide was the only option? if so, why?
Cc problem. Seriously guys?
I'm planning on killing myself this summer [support only]
[NeedAdvice] 20, miserable, the only option I see is dying
"Come Join The Murder" a finale rewatch: A Tribute to our lost Brother / MOD whom passed away prior to the Son of Anarchy Series Finale - /u/xLite414 - Friday, June 19th 2015 - The Crow No Longer Sings To Him: however, "We Got This."
Been lurking for a year. Here's my first rant.
Taking me six years to complete a three year bachelor's degree.
TF2ConfigGenerator version 1.0 (release candidate)
A note about options, leverage and certainty of death
suicide is my only option left.
Abducted by aliens [serious]
At 39, suicide is my only option
You're probably being catfished
i want people who suffered from major depression to tell me how they came out of it on their own
Faking a suicide is illegal but does it depend on the circumstance? What else can I do without putting myself in danger?
suicide is the only option left.
What if suicide becomes your only option?
How do you approach the Absurd?
Suicide is the only option for me
Innovative new trans life line offers hope when suicide seems the only option
Is suicide my only option?
CMV: Assisted suicide should be allowed as a treatment option for mental illness when therapy and drugs fail.
What is a Narcissist to do?
Non-tautological epistemology?
Going to commit suicide over my broken heart
My mental illnesses have left me with only one option: suicide
My wife committed suicide yesterday
Infiltrator, what is it good for?
I don't want to live anymore.
Mom called 911, police came to talk to me...
If You Are Sub 6 or Sub 5
"Murder-suicide is your only option. You identified crazy, yet still went back to stick your dick in crazy again. Then gave lying crazy cash money. You earned it." I'm running out of room for tags for /u/Poperiarchy
A thank you and a farewell
I No Longer Enjoy Anything
Samsara and suffering
For the first time ever, I wrote a suicide note.
Suicide is my only option
An Alternate View of Suicide Moves
35 years of grief.
Suicide seems to be the only option
I feel as though suicide is my only option - what should I do?
21 year old male who receives ongoing treatments of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for severe depression while attending college. AMA
Suicidal Tendencies, Part Three.
My life has been spiraling down into nothing. I feel suicide may be the only option left soon.
if its really that bad, suicide is your only option, soccer fag
I was seriously contemplating suicide 11 months ago. Today I see hope for the future...
Please somebody help me....Im begging
187 job applications, 2 interviews, 0 offers, and almost 2 years of unemployment. I've determined committing suicide is my best option now.
College Failure
There's always a better option. [serious]
Playing Fallout 4 Without Ever Leaving Sanctuary
Have you guys ever reported your friends IRL for leaving/afk?
I played the game without ever leaving Sanctuary and became a tyrant.
What is the closest you've ever come to dying?
I'm the guy who replied to the 'Anyone ever dream about leaving civilization' post with a short tutorial on how I've lived in a cabin for 3 years. AMAA.
Playing Fallout 4 without ever leaving Sanctuary - PCGamer
What is the highest physical pain you've ever felt?
How My Son Was Kidnapped Without Ever Leaving Home | He wasn't, he just got sick and it took a while to find treatment. Saved you five pages of breathless handwringing and hating on doctors.
Announcing Go Tools for Android! Calculate IVs without ever leaving the game!
... but now I can teach Sheila, the homewrecking skank from across the street that slept with my husband, a lesson without ever leaving the house!
TIL over 2000 years ago, Eratosthenes estimated the Earth's circumference using good old math, without ever leaving Egypt, and he was accurate to within 2%
Is Prime Ever Leaving Beta?
Trying the out the world's cuisine, without ever leaving RVA...
Moved to Seattle a month ago and I am never ever leaving!!
TIL A man reached level 90 in World of Warcraft without ever leaving the starting zone; spending 173.5 days mining and picking herbs
Nick Saban says he doesn't see himself ever leaving Alabama
[AMA request] A member (or former member) of a large street gang
TIL Over 2000 years ago, Eratosthenes of Cyrene managed to calculate the Earth's circumference without ever leaving Egypt and he was accurate to within 2%
What's the weirdest/funniest/saddest reason anyone has ever given you for leaving a party/raid?
Buying Reddit Gold with Dogecoin without leaving Reddit will soon be possible!
Elder Cook: "More youth leaving Church than ever before" is a myth.
YSK that you can live chat with an OBGYN via Planned Parenthood's site without ever leaving home
MRW I arranged my bedroom so I can make chai latte and turn on my space heater without ever leaving my mass of warm blankets/heat-leaching cats.
College graduates of Reddit, how did you make the transition from college to the "real world"?
Thanks to the attention to detail in this game, I was able to complete an early story mission without ever leaving the helicopter
No car right now, can I do projects from start to finish without ever seeing a client in person/leaving my home?
What's the worst crime you've ever commited? [You may want a throwaway for this one]
EMSK: Don't mark your children's height on a door jamb, but on a solid wooden pole. (In case you ever move)
ocelote AMA
Is leaving a child unattended in the car ever acceptable?
[Women's health] You can live chat with an OBGYN via Planned Parenthood's site without ever leaving home.
We ain't ever leaving you behind by dennybutt
Will Niantic ever be able to stop the GPS Spoofers / Botters?
Climbing into his Volvo, outfitted with a Matrics antenna and a Motorola reader he'd bought on eBay for $190, Chris Paget cruised the streets of San Francisco with this objective: To read the identity cards of strangers, wirelessly, without ever leaving his car...
Has anyone ever had a bank do this upon asking for a transition related name change in the account?
Ever since the cabin experience, my fiancee has been scaring me (final update)
If you ever doubt leaving the church, just remember that you had fear, real fear, that you would receive ETERNAL CONSEQUENCES for drinking COFFEE. That is some fucked. up. shit.
Why doesn't Abed ever say this anymore? Troy leaving couldn't have been THIS traumatic...
I woke up late and missed my ride which took my girlfriends life
The pope is leaving, but this is the only religious figure I ever cared about.
A guy is doing 90 in a 75 and sees lights from a patrol car in the mirror...
[WP]A God does exist, we just haven't discovered his religion yet. He's been leaving us ever more obvious clues, but so far we've ignored them. Now he's getting pissed...
PSA: Stop leaving your cards in your car!
The systems are secure. I don't care about the data...
Started as Silver 3, reached Supreme today
[WP] An internet-troll talks a person out of committing suicide, without ever leaving character.
Christmas is cancelled. US Airways lost my gate checked carry on full of Christmas gifts. No record of it in their system.
Ever Heard of Someone Regretting Leaving?
I grew up in a cult and while I've left I now feel so empty all the time
Anyone ever dream about leaving civilization, building a shelter in the woods somewhere up north and living the rest of your life in peace?
Playing Fallout 4 without ever leaving Sanctuary
Next week a friend is leaving Texas for ever, What Houston food must they try before leaving?
Girl Broke Things Off in the Best Way Ever, Leaving Me Feeling Pretty Damn Great
Do the LL's ever leave?
Yeah, I'd love to help you beat cancer, but you need to stop leaving these disgusting messages for my assistant. Don't pretend it's not you.
shitty wiring and leaving his gum in the boxes? if i ever find the electrician that wired my house i will kick his ass.
*WARNING* Remember that a nation cannot survive a traitor from within! If this post gets downvoted to oblivion, it means CTR shills are in here upvoting SABOTAGE POSTS!!
Chrysalis (8)
Pink Lady has "proof" that I cheated and my daughter isn't my husband's.
Leaving the painted world - A love-letter to animation design
If you were stuck on an island with another male and you knew there was no chance of ever leaving, what would you do?
Cleaning up after "Them"
TIL once the last flight before winter has left the South Pole research base, leaving the ~50 crew that will stay all through the ever-dark polar winter, the remaining crew have a tradition where they watch The Thing from Another World (1951), The Thing (1982), and The Thing (2011) back to back.
Have you ever listened to a song for ages without knowing what the lyrics were about, then gotten blown away when you find out what the song was actually about all this time?
How do I play a CD?
Do you think Durant will ever regret leaving?
[UPDATE] I [32F] can't stop obsessing over the other woman.
Goodbye, subreddit. I'm leaving.
There are more NHL games on TV than ever. But regional blackouts are leaving puzzled fans in the dark
As a former developer, there's a lot of things I wish gamers knew. Here are some of those things...
Bill's account of the whistlers -- Part 2 (conclusion)
Found out the gender of baby #2, husband pissed off MIL by not telling her about "her baby."
7 Straight Competitive Wins With Enemy Leaving At Last Second, Less Than Half of One Single Loss Made Up
Fun fact: if we win the FA Cup we will have done so without ever leaving London!
What ever happened to the DIL who was leaving her DH?
B4R My daughter has autism
Congrats skill up
Leaving a Game Early
What's the weirdest/funniest excuse you've ever heard for leaving/AFKing a match? Inspired by /r/wow
Something the Companion App REALLY needs.
Sometimes my human leaves for more than a day and other people come take care of me at our house. I like them ok, but I like my human better. How do I keep him from ever leaving?
There's something wrong with the stairs in my building
No more "I'm leaving and never, ever, ever coming back" posts.
Why this 30-something moderate finally registered to vote Trump.
Blizzard, can you please make our combat ally not count toward the active champion limit?
Reddit: what if I'm not physically attracted to my wife any more?
The Longevity of Old School Runescape
I am 28 and have suffered from panic attacks for 20 years. Today, for the first time ever, I stopped a panic attack without leaving the situation that caused it.
What is your most missed discontinued food/drink item?
I did it for the buttsex
TIFU by having Skype sex
If the Cavaliers don't win the title, would Lebron ever consider leaving the Cavs again?
This was the only guy who ever requested box art, he graduated today and is leaving. I made him this card box and gave him a free 2 liter.
Have you ever burnt out? For how long and why?
Is this healthy?
[Cadena SER] James closer than ever to leaving Real Madrid.
[The Truman Show] As Truman's best friend Marlon got older, he was switched out with a new actor.
Update on I'm 10 hours away. My ex-spouse and co parent has chosen not to pick out child. What to expect when I land?
Ever think about just packing up and leaving your life behind?
What is the biggest  fail date you have ever had?
Reddit, do you think people should be allowed to commit suicide?
[NSD] 4/5* Recruit Commit Tracker
We are two men who spent 42 years in prison for crimes we did not commit. AMA (Ask us anything)
Why didn't you commit suicide? 
ELI5: Why are teens who commit murders tried as adults, but when a teen has sex with someone who's 30 courts act like the teen had no idea what he/she was doing?
Riley Cole de-commits from Alabama after being asked to grayshirt 5 days before signing day
My name is Ray Krone and I was the 100th person exonerated from death row where I spent three years for a crime I didn't commit. AMA!
If someone wants to commit suicide, why don't we allow them to and then donate their organs to those who want to live?
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy, here's my problem, commit a felony.
TIL that concealed handgun license holders in the state of Texas are 17 times less likely to commit a crime than the general population.
[UPDATE] My boyfriend [30M] of 16 years won't commit to me [29F] even in small ways.
Nigerian Billionaire Tony Elumelu Commits $100 Million To Create 10,000 African Entrepreneurs In 10 Years.
[MI] My sister has schizophrenia and I had to commit her to a psychiatric hospital. The officers who picked her up were aware that they were carrying out an emergency mental health petition (signed by the judge), but they ended up charging her with felony resisting and obstructing.(x-post /r/askleo)
4* FL/MD (IMG Academy) OLB Jordan Anthony commits to Michigan
Pro Tip: To keep your commit history clean, always commit using "git commit --amend"
4* WR JaMarr Chase commits to Kansas
When someone under 18 commits a crime, charging them as an adult is hypocritical. CMV
What if the reason nobody has traveled back in time to kill Hitler is because Hitler is the time traveler sent back to kill off the Jews for an atrocity they commit later on...
"You terrorized the dog and it commit suicide."
4-star QB Jarrett Guarantano Commits to Tennessee in B/R video
Disappointed to find out that my boyfriend did not commit suicide. 
Rewriting history: Greg Maxwell is claiming some of Gavin's earliest commits on Github
Why did many of the women who dated with Hitler want to commit suicide?
"No one who commits to following Christ, and does so, lives a life of ease. No one. If your Christianity has not brought discomfort to your life, something is wrong." -R. Kent Hughes
Besides the more notable cases, who do you think is serving time in prison for crimes they did not commit?
Criminals of reddit, what caused you to commit the crime(s)? [Serious]
What crimes will be harder to commit in the future?
Confronted someone trying to commit identify theft
Me [20F] with my Cousin [21/F], who tried to commit suicide and blames it on me. My family wants me to hang out with her 1-2 times a week now and I just can’t do it anymore. What do I do?
‘Get back in': Teen charged with pressuring boyfriend to commit suicide. Detective Scott Gordon suggested that Carter encouraged Roy to kill himself while simultaneously putting together “a plan to get sympathy from her friends.”
What is the easiest way to accidentally commit a serious crime?
What do you think are the common fashion faux pas, or mistakes, that Singaporean men commit?
CMV: People should be punished for "attempted" crimes (attempted murder, conspiracy to commit fraud, etc.) with the same severity as if the crimes were carried out successfully.
I was recently released from jail for a crime I did not commit.
If you're going to commit fraud, at least do it well
I try to talk to Nmom about the attacks in France and she responds by telling me that people like me are the reason why people commit suicide.
Ole Miss commit Willie Gay says Michigan, not Ole Miss, is his top school
You're the Inconvenient Terrorist. You dont want to hurt, harm or kill anyone. What Act of Mass Frustration do you commit to inconvenience an entire city?
4* DB Brad Stewart commits to Florida.
Can we please stop and enjoy this perfect commit message generator?
Why did Emperor Hirohito not commit Seppuku?
PSA: Only decorate a tree on 360 if you can commit to cleaning it up after Christmas
My post about attempting to commit suicide not getting enough attention, didn't get enough attention. Advice?
Do Not Commit Suicide This Christmas
Illegal immigrant Cesar Vargas claims him getting caught planning to commit voter fraud is just a right wing conspiracy and he did nothing wrong by agreeing to commit voter fraud.
No former Republican presidents or presidential nominees plan to attend the Republican convention in July, save for Bob Dole who will not commit to voting for the GOP nominee.
[NSFW] Today, a man wanted to commit suicide by lions.
Curtis Granderson, who played the most innings of any Met, did not commit an error this year
Woman goes to the AskMenOver30 sub and asks why her Alpha fuckbuddy won't commit.
Writing good commit message on git (DO and DON'T guide)
40 Commit to Caucus in under 3 hours - So many questions!
"Get Out of Jail Free" card, would you commit a crime?
Funny article about women in Australia upset the top 0.1% of men won't commit to them
"Why would I commit credit card fraud?"
Ohio man exonerated after spending 27 years in prison for murder he didn't commit
Hey r/Android! Ciwrl from CyanogenMod here to talk about that Twilio commit
PWInsider TNA news - Its going to be an entirely new company, talent locked in, they want talents commit to/help the company.
Beta male allows his wife to be gangbanged by Chad Thundercock, wife leaves hubby for Chad but he won't commit
To Christians: What happens to a child that commits suicide after abandoning all hope after being repeatedly raped by Christian clergy?
Can a "sane" and "rational" person want to commit suicide?
My boyfriend [30M] of 16 years won't commit to me [29F] even in small ways.
Member of U.S. Army National Guard's Tactical Human Intelligence Team commits suicide; his suicide note says he was forced to commit "war crimes, crimes against humanity" in Iraq
I think when a Christian commits an atrocity, other Christians just dismiss the criminal as not being Christian.
Welcome to Smithfield: My time in a mental institution for a crime I didn't commit - Mineral Wells continued
3* FL TE Nick Eubanks commits to Michigan
5* OT Alex Leatherwood removes "Alabama commit" from his twitter after Michigan visit
Man commits suicide in front of U.S. Capitol Building holding ‘Tax the 1 percent’ sign
Fully commit, or eat shit...
You must commit to noporn, not simply nofap.
Reddit cofounder Aaron Swartz commits suicide
I Want To Die But I Don't Want To Commit Suicide
4* APB Khalen Laborn commits to FSU...in a lambo.
Guy finds out that his girlfriend settled for him because Chad wouldn't commit to her, gets RP advice from his (female) cousin, decides to kick his girlfriend to the curb.
Peter Todd's comments on Gavin's commit access quickly changed their narrative from security to exclusion. Anyone surprised?
You choose a crime, each time someone commits it $1 is added to your bank account account, which crime would you choose to become the richest?
Why are there so many guys out there who don't want to commit to a relationship? Are you one of them?
Guy won't commit to his plate, she gets upset and accuses him of being a misogynist. Guess who r/relationship sides with.
Wounded Soldier Writes Letter About Being Forced To Commit War Crimes In Iraq . . . Then Commits Suicide
[PSA] If you're depressed, please get help. It's estimated that 300 physicians will commit suicide by the end of the year - roughly one individual / day. Suffering in silence makes things worse.
Just a reminder..."The most qualified presidential candidate to ever run" had to cheat on a debate question about water and she still answered it like an idiot .
Women of Reddit, what are some fashion faux-pas that us guys commit daily that we don't realize?
TIL Germany has a program targeted at pedophiles who have yet to commit crimes. The goal is to help them find treatment, because many don't want to harm others.
National Signing Day
Jeff Sessions said that people who commit perjury must be removed from office
Megachurch pastor Rick Warren's son commits suicide, predictability ensues
Trump lied. Right-wing extremists — not foreigners — commit more terror attacks in the U.S.
[Utah] Did my child commit gift card fraud?
Without leaving the room you're in, what's the most illegal act you could commit in a ten minute timeframe?
Madison just became the first city in Wisconsin and the largest city in the Midwest to commit to 100 percent clean energy
Ohio high-school student commits suicide after being told, "his life was ruined" for smelling like pot.
Could you commit suicide if you were in a doomed situation and your impending death would be extremely painful?
Priest tells anti-Trump protesters to commit suicide
[Serious] What is your opinion of people who commit suicide?
"I want you to watch me die." - AKA why I wish I had let my ex commit suicide.
[SocJus] Leah Rowe, SJW sole git commit owner of Libreboot, rips the project away from GNU for the dismissal of a trans employee. Stallman and FSF deny discrimination, ask for proof, none is offered. Sound familiar?
What would you do if someone came back in time to kill you, saying that if you live you're destined to become the next Hitler.
13-year old Staten Island Boy Commits Suicide After Bullying; suicide note says school officials did nothing to help
Malcolm Brogdon commits some light regicide
Did 47 U.S. Senators Just Commit Treason By Attempting to Sabotage Iran Deal?
Are animals able to contemplate or knowingly commit suicide like humans?
IAm The ABCs of Death, ask the directors questions about this anthology horror film containing 26 shorts, in theaters March 8th, on VOD now!
Lucioball instead of sudden death in competitive.
We are ScrewAttack! Creators of DEATH BATTLE! and internet videos since 2006. Ask us anything!
IAm Damien Echols, death row survivor, AMA
Before you die, you have the chance to challenge death for a game for your soul. What's your game, reddit?
Death Stranding - E3 2016
As requested: IAmA (former) prison guard who worked on death row. AMAA
Death is never perfect. (Fan Art)
In the past 24 hours, Saudi Arabia has reported four new deaths from a Middle East virus related to SARS and 36 more cases of infection, including a Turkish pilgrim in Mecca.
On his death bed, an old jew says to his wife:
Which celebrity's death do you think will next bring Reddit to a state of mourning?
Death recap needs some love
Buried in Hillary's announcement about her refusal to abolish the death penalty, is a discussion of how she doesn't rule out cuts to Social Security benefits, and she doesn't rule out raising the retirement age.
What character death got to you the most?
What If the In-Game death timer included a 7-10 second video of your last death?
The new Sudden Death is even worse than what Blizzard originally had
I just realized that "Men in Black" is one of the very, very few fantasy/adventure movies where a character is not motivated by the death of a loved one or some kind of divine prophecy. Will Smith was chosen simply because he was a good applicant, and joined because it was the right thing to do.
We are Death Cab for Cutie, Ask us anything!
New PBE death timers are disgusting. 71 second timer 28~30 minutes into the game.
death recap is the most uninformative and bugged feature in game
I'm Colin Cantwell - Designer of the Death Star, X-Wing, TIE Fighter, & Star Destroyer; CBS's lead analyst for the Moon Landing; Collaborator on 2001 A Space Odyssey, War Games & Buck Rodgers; Author, Inventor, and 84 year old maxi-nerd AMA
Amaz's Death Knight Class Concept
My name is Ray Krone and I was the 100th person exonerated from death row where I spent three years for a crime I didn't commit. AMA!
Does Batman's "no-kill" policy end up in more deaths (likely indirect) than if he had a strict, "at-your-discretion-only" kill policy?
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 1 [Discussion]
My name is Richard Glossip, a death row inmate who received a last-minute stay of execution, AMA.
[Serious]Friends of suicide victims, how did their death affect you?
Who is responsible for the most deaths in history?
I am Colin Cantwell - Death Star Creator, Star Wars ship designer; CBS's lead analyst for the 1st Moon Landing; Collaborator on 2001 A Space Odyssey, War Games & Buck Rodgers; Author, Inventor, and 84 year old maxi-nerd AMA
Reddit, what is your favorite death scene from any movie?
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 12 - FINAL [Discussion]
Doctor Who 8x12: Death in Heaven Post-Episode Discussion Thread
I am Amanda Scott, the Alabama atheist that received death threats for speaking out against an "In God We Trust" plaque. Ask me anything.
We are DEATH from Detroit, we were punk before punk had a name, ask us anything.
Riot, can we have the inverted death animation for champions ulted by Zilean?
For those that had attended a funeral for a person who died a "funny" or comedic death, what was it like?
Hey americans, just get this straight now: Group G is clearly NOT the group of death.
Clarkson fans have made death threats against the BBC Director General.... fulfilling every stereotype about them
(Spoilers Everything) D&D vs GRRM: Writing death scenes
The Black Death ask me anything, I am the historian Fin Dwyer
I watched someone die a gory death this weekend and I'm kind of fucked up over it. AMA
15 minutes ago I almost died.  I was ratcheting a 3500 lbs boat onto a trailer and the hook point broke. It missed my head by less than an inch.  What near death experiences have you had Redditors?
Science AMA Series: I’m Dr. Nancy Krieger, Professor of Social Epidemiology at Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. I recently published a paper calling for police killings and deaths to be tracked as health data, and I’m here to answer your questions!
WE ARE ROCK BAND DEATH FROM ABOVE 1979. ASK US ANYTHING.
What death in any form of fiction (movie, book, video game, song etc etc) is the most profound or saddest to you?
What is it about death that scares you?
In Star Wars, if Luke turned off his targeting computer and then missed the Death Star's exhaust port he would have looked like the biggest jackass ever.
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 2 [Discussion]
r/childfree goes private as they're named in the toddler hot car death case in Georgia
[spoilers] Death timers are too high right now.
Justice Ginsburg: "I would probably go back to the day when the Supreme Court said the death penalty could not be administered with an even hand,..." | Clinton: "I do not favor abolishing it..." | Senator Sanders: "I'm against capital punishment."
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 9 [Discussion]
Has there every been a documented case of a well-known public figure faking their own death?
URF death timers this year
URF: Shouldn't death timers be lowered?
My mother made me sign a document shortly after I turned 18. I recently found out she had me sign Power of Attorney without my informed consent. She and my stepdad used POA to take the money from my inheritance and the life insurance benefits from my father's death as collateral for their mortgage.
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 3 [Discussion]
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 4 [Discussion]
Why have death recap if it's completely broken?
[Spoilers] Another point about the Death Star Plans that I haven't seen mentioned
Riot, please look at death recaps.
"I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it." -Mark Twain
Daily Reminder: Losing Heavy on Death
"That's the number of death! I'm not paying that!"
The Night Of - Episode 7 "Ordinary Death" - Episode Discussion
Religious Grandma Tells Us Where She Wanted to go After Death
Using Rottentomatoes, what is the lowest-rated movie that you actually like and will defend until your death?
I just DMed for a druid who played The Price Is Right with Death...and lost.
@Meddler "we are looking to reduce death timer"
[Death Battle #46] Superman vs Goku 2 [Megameta]
Non-American Redditors: how do you feel about Osama's death?
Help, ideas needed. HLL poisoned my village with mercury. There have been 250 cancer deaths in just 5 years in just my tiny village. Se[r]ious replies only.
I want to thank this country for the Assisted Death option and share my personal experience with it.
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 6 [Discussion]
On this day (February 15) 2415 years ago, Socrates was sentenced to death by people of Athens.
MIDDAY MAGA: The TOLERANT LEFT likes to burn down their own safe spaces and issue death threats! <3 SUCH OPEN-MINDED TOLERANCE <3
The Fire Rises! The FBI responded to my Freedom of Information Act request. 169 pages - all for your consumption. One of the death threat senders had over 9000 bombs! FBI must've had a hell of a time backtracking his IP when he's behind 7 proxies.
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 5 [Discussion]
Proton Torpedos can't melt Durasteel Space Station Cores: DEATH STAR INSIDE JOB
[WP] Death spared your life and made you immortal. Over hundreds of years, you have become friends. He's been very busy with work and you miss seeing your buddy. You spend centuries attempting to create world peace, stop war and cure diseases so you can spend some quality time with your only friend.
[serious] How do you deal with the knowledge of your eventual death?
[misc] On Xur selling red death in the vanguard room...
Why does the MIA "?" overlap the death timer?
What is the greatest death in movie history?
Play Star Wars (1977 original theatrical cut) at New Year's Eve at 10:05:37 PM and the Death Star will explode exactly at midnight.
IAmA 21 year old living with Brugada syndome (AKA Sudden Unexplained Death Syndrome) AMA
When I was a kid, I witnessed a woman burn herself to death.  What is the most shocking/terrifying/traumatic thing you experienced? 
Whose death most significantly altered history?
Reddit, what is closest that you have been to death?
Which person's death today would have the largest impact around the world?
YSK: In the event of a car accident, the risk of injury/death to front seat riders raises at least 22% when the back seat passengers do not wear their seat belts.
IamAn Investigative Reporter who found secret videos of mental hospital beatings and showed how Florida's psych wards are overrun by rats, misery and death. Ask me anything!
Does anyone else think death recaps should be updated?
[Star Wars] The Geonosians built in the exhaust port on the Death Star on purpose
Why has the news focused on Trayvon Martin while ignoring the recent death of Ramarley Graham, who was killed by an actual NYPD officer?  The media is afraid to say that the war on drugs has failed, and his death is just one example of the failure of these polices and the racism that fuels them.
How does Alzheimer's Disease lead to death?
The first human death
Death...what?
[Spoilers] Death Parade - Episode 11 [Discussion]
I'm Andrew Sheerin, I designed the 'War on Terror' boardgame a few years back that got siezed by the police and generated death threats. Luckily, my follow-up game is about a safer topic - religion. AMA!
We’re DeMoN and ChuaN, professional Dota 2 eSports athletes. Ask us anything.
Victims of sleep paralysis, what was your run-in with the sleep paralysis demon like?
[FRESH] Kid Cudi - Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin'
The Story of Demon Days by Gorillaz
[AMA] Hi, this is DeMoN, formerly from team MYM, ask me anything!
Liquid`Pegasus/DeMoN 20/20 AMA
Who else here really wants a Demon's Souls PS4 Remaster?
"The Unkillable Demon King" Article written by Mina Kimes about Faker; wins The New York Press Club Award for "Feature Reporting - Sports"
I am David S. Goyer, creator and Executive Producer of Da Vinci’s Demons, screenwriter of the upcoming Man of Steel. AMA!
Why is Warlock not getting any Demons anymore?
Demon Invasions would be 100x better if pvp was disabled
I appreciate the not-so-overbearing demon theme of Legion
The fact that demons tagged by the enemy faction give you no credit makes zero sense.
If Hero Jaraxxus is counted as a demon for the purposes of Sacrificial Pact, shouldn't he count as a demon for Mal'Ganis and gain +2 ATK, +2 HP?
Everybody has a Demon
When I was 17, I believe I saw a demon. Does anyone here truly believe they've seen a supernatural/ alien being?
With my Warlock up against a Legion of demons in the next expansion I just have to say. My Enslave Demon spell better actually freaking work this time!
I Am Bear McCreary, composer for “Da Vinci’s Demons,” “The Walking Dead” & “Battlestar Galactica.” AMA!
Demon poro!! Easter Egg
Demon hunters, legion invasions, and the broken shore expansion intro scenario are now available on all World of Warcraft realms
(Rant) Demon Hunters, slow the hell down.
NEW CLASS DEMON HUNTER
Why does Bane of Doom pull from a curated list of demons rather than truly random demons?
Official Discussion: The Neon Demon [SPOILERS]
[Scene] Anglos, planet of the Angels and Demons, Pachin Island
My fucking demon's name is Kornass
Precisely Bound Demons and their Behavior
PSA: Don't Help Anyone Below Level 100 With The Demon Invasions.
Bring Demon's Souls to ps4
Why are Flames Of Azzinoth not classed as Demons yet?
Petition for a HD Demon's Souls for a PS4
My girlfriend was having trouble with the Taurus Demon. Then this happened.
I am Nicolas Winding Refn, Director of The Neon Demon and Drive. Go ahead AMA!
A Message from your Personal Demons
The Demon is a Diversion
Shadow Beast (possessed villager spawn) Should be a Demon
Why are Demon Hunters allowed to glide with flags in pvp?
Let me tell you about Demon's Souls.
DEMON! DEMON!
Would you want a remake of Demon Souls?
SMITE - DEMON DAYS ft. Japanese Pantheon (Gorillaz Parody Art + Shirt)
ARTEEZY and DEMON act unprofessionally in matchmaking game by trapping an enemy player and harassing him
WoW Showerthought: Demons are the same as players
Can people stop making T5 about angels/demons?
Back in demon's souls our reaction to patches would have been "you A$$#@LE!!!" Nowadays it's closer to "lol, Oh you!"
Demon Hunting
Demon in the big city
I'm a Priest... Correction a Holy Priest that just killed a Demon Hunter in a 1v1
Why, if this year we only have 2 majors, the trophys are not Demon Edge and Sacred Relic?
Imagine if someone told you during BC, that you would play a Demon Hunter at level 100
[OC] Demon Queen character art
Spotted this gem in Dark Souls Steam reviews
Now we have Demon Hunters, have we reached a 'class cap'?
[Spoilers S3] Live Episode Discussion: S3E12 "Demons"
Salt Demon
Am I the only one that prefers Balor Club Finn over Demon Finn ?
Demon Hunter Jinx concept by MonoriRogue
Is Demon the greatest standin in the history of Dota?
Killing Capra Demon from Upper Undead Burg
In DOOM, a demon punched me so hard he corrupted my save.
It isn't Satan. It isn't monsters. It isn't the government. It isn't a serial killer. It isn't aliens. It isn't demons. It isn't nuclear. It isn't solar storms.
"THERE'S A DEMON IN MY COMPUTER!!!"
Wild Card: Poker Night or That Time Alec Invited Demons To The Library For Some Poker.
PSA: Shadow Demon's shadow poison doesn't affect units under disruption in Reborn.
Dota 2 Magazine: The Demon Edition
For fans of Bloodborne, Demon Souls is only $5 this week on the NA PS3 store!
[OT] Nearly two years ago, I answered a prompt about demons and soulless summoners. That story turned into a post on /r/nosleep and now it just became a novel!
Demon's Souls Remake Could Happen With Another Developer, Says Miyazaki
Flame of Azzinoth from Illidan effect should be a demon
If demons are possible to be permanently killed on Argus, warlocks are gonna have a bad time in 7.3
You're fighting in the demon wars, but for the wrong side.
My sister-in-law has been brainwashed and has joined a cult. They are saying her nine year daughter is possessed by demons and other bullshit. How can we help her and her family?
Age of Demons
TIL That there are three ledges you can stand on in the Asylum Demon's area. And they can be destroyed by the Demon.
Angels, Demons and YOU!
Tapping into The Demon needs to eat away at Finn Balor...
Where do i go after Demon of song?
I created a Demon Hunter workout-a-long video that anyone can do! (Tailored for beginners)
[WP] Like in many possession horror films, a demon is attempting to mentally torment the main character. They, however, are a sociopath and are unbothered by all of it.
Ninja nerfs continue, Demon Hunters Smoke Screen gets hit with the bat.
Pew pew pew my original Demon Hunter cosplay
Patches the Pirate is actually a Demon!
Old Demon King of Smouldering Lake Artwork
[Request] The correct procedure for the summoning of a demon.
Havoc Demon Hunter 7.1.5 Feedback
Speed Demon and the 50' Rope
Demon Hunter Genji
Where are all the Demons in Eldrich Moon?
[C14] Official Spoiler for Demon of Wailing Agonies
Even demons need to hit the books sometimes
The Old Demon King's sad death looks like a picnic compared to this.
Demon Encounters?
[CN] Tales of Demons and Gods - Chapter 108
Why Demons got nerfed
How to scam a demon god like a chump
BEST FRIENDS STREAMING DEMON'S SOULS on the 31st of January 2016!
[Serious] Have you ever seen an angel or a demon, Jesus or the devil?
How did the Legion make any progress when demons are complete idiots?
DM killed my deity of choice after giving me the go-ahead to pick her, forcing me to either give up cleric or topick a CE deity or demon lord. I'm right to assume he's a prick, aren't I?
What if all races could be demon hunters?
Come check in - /r/Depression
What depression isn't.
I drew a comic about my experience with depression.
"Depression is living in a body that fights to survive with a mind that tries to die."
Woke up wanting to kill myself. Managed to go for a jog instead. Fuck you, depression!
Does anyone feel like depression stops them from being the person they were born to be, but then feels guilt and anxiety about trying to become that person.
High functioning depression is so hard for people to understand
For those of you who have been diagnosed with depression, did you ever feel like you DIDN'T want to feel/get better?
Depression feels more "real" - optimism feels like a delusion
I hope my depression gets depression
Depression: The disease that makes you isolate yourself from your friends, and then helps you be extra miserable later when your friends do things without you.
Come Check-In with r/Depression
I drew my depression.
Depression has changed my memory-- has anyone else experienced this?
/r/Depression Weekly Check-In
Depression is humiliating
/r/Depression Weekly Check In
Who else feels like society as a whole does not take depression seriously?
I've always had trouble articulating the severity of my depression, so I made some photographs that describe it instead. Thought you might enjoy.
How are you doing? - /r/depression weekly check in
So I have this virus "depression.exe" on my computer...
Depression is not the same as low self esteem.
Often I wish that instead of depression I had a chronic physical ailment, something that others could see. My husband wouldn't expect me to spend Father's Day with his exhausting family if I was vomiting uncontrollably.
I decided to "come out of the closet" about suicidal depression on Facebook when Robin Williams died. It went better than I thought it would. My friends were extremely supportive. This is what I posted.
Does anyone else use orgasms to give them at least a few seconds of relief from depression?
"Depression is like drowning... Except you can see everyone else around you breathing completely fine." -Unknown
Why I'm leaving /r/depression
Things I wish people knew about depression
"Tell your friends about your depression" I did. They don't care. No one cares.
/r/Depression Check In
Come Check In with /r/Depression
How are you? /r/depression check in
Depression Lies; Wil Wheaton on depression ( Xpost from r/geek)
Do you ever read a post here, think "Wow, this person's depression seems a lot worse than mine", and then start to feel guilty and wonder if you're not actually depressed yourself?
The scariest part is when depression becomes so normal you forget what happiness really felt like
Stop using your depression as an excuse...
/r/Depression Weekly Check In
Does anyone else feel shame in their depression because having it seems cliché and overused these days?
Does anyone else wish they were physically sick instead in some way so at least there'd be some excuse instead of having "depression" which others just immediately dismiss?
/r/Depression Weekly Check-In
I use humor as a mask for depression.
Weekly /r/Depression Check In; Come As You Are
What's going on guys? /r/depression weekly check in
Nobody thinks depression is serious until suicide happens
Did anyone else feel that being on Facebook made their depression worse?
Weekly /r/depression Check in - come as you are
My depression has made me extremely polite
I swear I was much smarter before my depression...
How's this week going? Weekly /r/depression check in
The single worst thing you can say to someone with depression: Just snap out it
Depression in boys is taboo
This is how I tried to explain to my (gamer) friend how depression feels like:
I used to think depression was just "all in your head". Now that I actually have it, I want to apologize.
This might be controversial but I think it would be easier to have cancer than major depression
Does anyone else feel like their attention span has been ruined by depression?
The Best Quote about Depression I have ever heard
DAE feel like they can't share thoughts and feelings about depression with amyone because you don't want to bring them down too?
Depression is making me permanently exhausted
Going through college with depression is hard.
Wake up. Go to school. Go home. Browse the internet pointlessly and endlessly. Go to work. Go home. Go to sleep. Living with anxiety and depression in a nutshell.
My depression in an album
Depression in the past vs. today?
Weekly /r/Depression Check in. Come say hello.
Come check in with /r/Depression this week
Art has been my outlet. I attempted to draw a picture of what depression is to me.
I just told my boss I had depression.
/r/Depression Weekly Check in - Come tell us how you are
What depression is.
Depression is not just being sad.
Literally the ONLY people that actually understand depression are people with a history of it themselves.
An analogy for people who don't understand depression.
"I wish he talked about it more." Yeah, because modern society is SO accepting and welcoming for those suffering with depression
As a sufferer of depression for most of my life, this is a huge accomplishment. Before & after pictures of the disaster I lived in. (x-post r/GetMotivated)
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality..." Andrew Solomon's brilliant TED talk
My depression is the voice in my head that says, "You're not really depressed, you're just a sorry a-hole"
Come say hi - weekly /r/depression check in
Has Anyone Else Unintentionally Let Their Grades Fall Due To Their Depression?
Stephen Colbert, in an interview out of character, said something that I think is important for anyone with depression
Rant-ish thing: Depression doesn't look the same for everybody. Saying depression is or isn't one particular action or feeling is ignorant.
[Serious] Redditors with depression, what is the best thing that the rest of us can do for you?
11 years old, I suffer with depression. I don't know what to do
/r/depression Weekly Check In
The thing i hate most about depression is i don't even know why i'm down.
Hello /r/depression - how's your week going?
I made a comic about my depression.
/r/depression Weekly Check-In - Please Come Say Hi!
Weekly /r/depression Check In
Does anyone have trouble separating their own personality from their depression after struggling with it for years?
Does anyone else feel like their depression is making them stupid?
Welcome to the weekly /r/depression check in!
Battling depression is a skill. Here are some tips that worked for me.
I think I've finally found a solution to my depression and anxiety that isn't suicide.
People who say "it gets better" don't really know what depression is
Say Hello! Weekly /r/Depression check in
Depression is like being in an abusive relationship with yourself.
Hi r/depression, let's make friends!
Trying to explain your depression to someone who doesn't understand is one of the hardest, most painful things to deal with.
Trying to describe what depression feels like is almost as difficult as trying to explain a colour to someone who is blind.
/r/Depression Weekly Check-In
A reddit "Harvard grad" says the depression community is what makes depressed people stay depressed.
